The prophet Muhammad sallallah.aihi
wasallam told us that whoever builds a
mosque for Allah, Allah will build for
him a sim at a house in Jenna. And we
know the great reward that will not only
be gained but rather will fill your
grave after your death. Whenever someone
prays there, whenever someone gives
shahada in the masid, whenever someone
learns something in the masid, yes, that
will be something that you'll have on
your scale.
[Music]
How are you guys doing? And as you guys
can see, I'm joined with an esteemed
guest and one that's been on the show
before. See, he's so popular. People
people just want to get in contact with
it. They want to Sorry, I put it on
silent. You know, I'm sorry. We're
talking about an academic of high
esteem, a person who synthesizes
psychology and philosophy and theology
and all the other ologies together to
create a product like no other. A man
who has great influence in Pakistan.
Last time we had a conversation it went
viral and so we after popular request
brought him onto the show again.
Alhamdulillah you told me. Yeah.
Alhamdulillah. Alhamdulillah. I was
going to actually it's it's pertinent
that we have you on the show because of
what's recently happened with the whole
Pakistan and India situation and you're
obviously a Pakistani not just a
Pakistani like we have in Britain or the
US or in the west you're a Pakistani
living in Pakistan. Yeah. So you're in
the thick of it. You know exactly what's
happening. I want you to just break down
in your own kind of way what happened
from the very beginning. Okay. with the
whole um attack in Kashmir all the way
until the actual skirmish took place
between Pakistan and India and what you
think it indicates about the
capabilities of the Indian army, the
capabilities of the Pakistani army, uh
the national spirit, whatever else you
want to add to it. Whoa, that's a lot to
uh unpack.
But uh
let's holistically uh even as far back
as uh Gandhi the technique that uh India
has already shown to everyone in the
world that they're actually trying to go
with the global you know narrative of u
the moral high ground and you know uh
and I'm pretty sure if you do some sort
of a a survey you'll find out that most
of the people are going to back up that
claim of India that they had the moral
right to protect themselves. It's not
just Netanyahu saying that and uh that's
where Pakistan actually lacks. It's not
just about the comparison of the army
which we'll do in a minute. Yeah. The
way Pakistan is so incompetent in
presenting its uh even if it's right the
media side of things. Okay. And the way
it has to market itself. And how would
you recommend that they do market
themselves? Because I mean um we we did
see I mean I think to be honest I've
been attacked by the Indian media. I've
seen some of these kind of I don't know
if they're big or not like OP India and
these kind of attack but they've they've
attacked me and the their propaganda is
a bit laughable. It's like not to be
taken seriously guys. No cuz you you you
cuz you can think. Most people can't.
Most people follow the trend and that's
what they're actually trying to you know
create or or or or generate as much as
they possibly can. And plus there are a
billion people, you know. That's right.
They can easily trend anything in in
Twitter or whatever. That's right. They
don't need uh uh you know a very well
structured machine, you know, cuz that's
too many too many. Do you think the
propaganda of India is better than that
Pakistan? Oh, for sure. Oh, for sure.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not just the fact that
they know how to do it. No, they're
actually uh see the thing about India is
and uh and it's not just my opinion. you
can see it that whatever is going on in
the world in for example uh media
warfare right now. Mhm. They'll they've
never invented anything but they're the
best in copying any and everything
that's working.
And that's something that I mean I'm
paying them a testament right now. It's
not like you know I mean I know it's
like the cheapest copy that you're going
to find of Net Ju's cheapest copy Moody
but he's still copying it. You know what
I'm saying? And uh I I don't want to
sound like a a you know a nationalist
because I'm not I'm I'm I'm a Muslim way
before I'm a Pakistani. I love Indian
Muslims as much as I love Pakistani
Muslims. And uh I think this is a very
very big litmus test for Indian and
Pakistani Muslims. When these sort of
things happen, you need to find out you
know what's my my my religious duty
first of all then my national duty.
Yeah. And uh sometimes they're going to
you know conflict. That's right. And
that's where the big test is. This is
was a test given to the Sahabas and
sometimes even you know the prophets you
know where is the tribal line breached
into Islam or why are you not coming uh
uh out of the tribal line uh this is um
you know
in my opinion is you know the the nation
state thing it's not just the Shia and
the Sunnis it's about the Pakistanis and
the Afghanistanis you know it's like you
know this is taraku this is this is the
freak as as much as it can get. So much
so that a Shia would not kill a Sunni
just because of a line drawn between
them. That's a religious affair. This is
not even a religious affair. And you
still kill somebody about this. And it's
not just Pakistan India. Pakistan
Afghanistan is also at state of war. So
this this is a big disclaimer before I
um before I uh and I this is something
which we will inshallah talk about as to
how to tune in your your your Islamic uh
you know uh gyroscope. Yeah. gyroscope.
Yeah. So, but uh truth be told, most of
the people in the world are going to
side with whatever India did. Uh because
Pakistan does not know how to market
itself, which how should they do that
then? How first of all, quit being proud
of being an underdog. That's that's
nothing to be proud of. You know what
I'm saying? I mean, being an underdog
means that you already chopped off your
legs for the next generation that you
know, it's cool to be an underdog. No,
it's not. It's cool to be an alpha. It's
not cool to be an underdog and and you
better be the alpha.
Be the alpha for God's sakes.
Where are you? Why are you virtue
signaling your weakness? So, okay, we
are underdogs. Okay, we get that. Okay,
let's just do the basic math. So uh if
Modi was right and their media uh
machine are are right that you know what
they had to get back to us then why did
one phone call with Donald Trump you
know dampen their belief system.
You know what I'm saying? Where's your
follow through buddy? If you believed in
so much so that you you wanted to you
know avenge whatever happened then
Donald Trump is going to stop that that
that that revenge. Mhm. Uh that means
you didn't really believe in whatever
your operation was to begin with. You
know what I'm saying? And people in
Pakistan calling it. It's like is one of
the indicators not that Donald Trump's
going to stop it. You know what I'm
saying? So what I'm saying is Islam is a
totally different discussion. This is a
discussion between two different parts
of the world. Yeah. Sure. It could have
been Indonesia, Malaysia or Eastmore and
you know Indonesia or or Venezuela or or
or or whatever and we would still have
this sort of a conversation as to if you
do not have a real professional and well
thoughtout plan of how to market
yourself then doesn't matter whether
you're right or wrong. Mhm. You know
because um but you're going to say now
on this point you you saying that okay
the underdog and the alpha whatever but
how would you compare the two armies?
you you want to mention this. Well, the
thing about Pakistan is alhamdulillah
it's so beautiful. Uh that's the only
country in the world by the way. I not
know about uh any other Muslim country
because I haven't really done that kind
of homework but it's not as famous as
Pakistan to have that invisible army.
Yeah. Okay. Pakistan has two armies. One
which wears the uniform and one which is
people like me living around everyday
households. As soon as there's going to
be a calamity of this sort, everyone's
going to come in. So much so that our
ex- chief of army staff, he wrote a very
detailed statistical article on it with
numbers and he says that we factor that
invisible army in our war plan every
single time because we know it's going
to show up. That's interesting. Yeah.
Yeah. This is and it's bigger even.
That's No, no, no, no. They're not. We
know the numbers. You mean I'm talking
about I know the numbers. So we have
about 700,000 people listed in our army
which are active and which are serving.
We have about less than 100,000 which
are on reserve and then we have 350,000
invisible army factored in that's 50% of
our real army
that is the strength Pakistan has which
is but how would they how would they be
incorporated into the major like if
there was some kind of a war that was
happening how would they well they've
been incorporated in the Afghan war
they've been incorporated they actually
fought the Afghan war they literally
fought the Afghan war you know what I'm
saying I mean the
A team did not come in. The B team
actually fought the Afghan war. Okay. I
mean everybody knows about this. They
say you know what how do you think
people where was where was the the the
HR coming into this uh Afghan war. And
of course Pakistan army knew what was
going on. Yeah. And it was letting the B
team play because they couldn't really
come in bring in the A team because
there were so many other problems. The A
team couldn't just you know get off the
bench. But for with India, Pakistan
would be gladly calling in not just the
B team but really actually you know
trying to market for the C team as well.
What about like when I went to Pakistan
I realized that there was as you
mentioned the tribal differences right?
So you have like the KPK region, you
have Baluchistan, you have and there are
tensions between you could say Baluchi
Baluchi people for example and the
Punjab people or whatever it may be. How
would this look like in terms of a war
with um with India? Would all these
tribes align together or Yeah. India is
a different tribe altogether. You know
what I'm saying? So with India uh the
TTP you know the TTP the local Talibans
which are against Pakistan from day one.
Pakistani army has been attack against
Pakistan. Yeah. They would be on the
forefront of the eastern Indian border.
Uh if this war had lingered on for more
than a Are they are they a formidable
force? No not really right now. Yes, I
think there's a there's just a a sub
subsidiary of of uh a lot of a lot of
forces around Pakistan. It's not
Pakistan. So, what I'm saying is it's
just a figure of speech obviously. Would
they all come together? Oh, yeah. Yeah.
They would the liberals would come
together. The the religious factions
would come together. Religious factions
would be actually way more active. Uh
the Pakistan army would know that all
fronts are open now. everyone's uh you
know pick a weapon come in and with the
and the and the is already fighting with
the Pakistan army in wherever they are
fighting which is what they're known for
but the would fight the braids would
fight the Shia would fight really yeah
would most have they got militia have
they got militias there in Pakistan
they've got like formidable militias not
formidable but yeah yeah obviously we we
know them we we they're pretty famous
where are they usually based every part
part of the country really different
sockets different pockets
but uh you know it's not like you know
Pakistani is not as dangerous as people
make it out to be yeah sure militias are
all about anti-India element or
sometimes the anti-America element is
you know being toyed around with
butjistan right now this this is you
know proxy war going on with between
Pakistan and India in Bjasthan and I I
mean there's so much to talk about there
that you know just I don't want to take
this whole podcast there But uh if India
actually comes in, Mary Blochi would
come in to fight India. That's without a
question. Yeah. Yeah. Without a
question. Okay. So, so see this kind of
landscape is not our main marketing
brand around the world. Yeah. You know
what I'm saying? This is a failure on
our part. That's how I see it. Why
didn't you not I mean, why are we
marketing only the four, you know, shot
down planes or five? Okay. I'm sorry.
Yeah, let's talk about that then. So is
that what how what's your analysis of
that? What do you think of the the four
shot down planes? Cuz some would argue
this is very significant. I mean you've
got this, you know, these Raphaels that
have been bought by the West. Yeah. Uh
and they've been put into action for the
first time ever. No, my analysis is this
is when it comes down to this topic,
this is a war against China and France,
nothing else. And that's why it's
marketed really well because Chinese
needed the marketing. And that is an
actual victory of China. the the the our
FJ14s are shooting down their Raphael
Raphael.
It's not the fact that, you know, let's
just say turn turn the tables. If we had
the Raphael Raphael's, they had the
Chinese planes, we would have still shot
their plans down. I'm not saying that,
you know, the pilot is uh not a factor
here. The Pakistani pilot well acclaimed
even he was they were they were used by
the Arab armies in Yes, they still are
used by the Arab army. You didn't know
that? Yeah, they're used by the Arab
army right now. We need as many of those
guys as possible. Most of uh the
Pakistani army is used by the Arab army
right now. Yeah, that's my problem with
the Pakistan army that when the when
Allah calls in for Palestine, this army
doesn't go in. But NBS calls, everybody
goes in. You know, Pakistan army is in
Djibouti, Pakistan is in Tunisia, in
Ethiopia on UN missions. Oh, sure. You
know what I'm saying? Pakistan army, the
head of the Arabian army is a Pakistani,
our ex- chief. Really? Yeah. Sharif is
heading the Arab MBS army. Really? Yeah.
Wow. Yeah. Against Cuz they've got a lot
of planes now, so they need people to
teach them how to use them, I guess. You
know. No, he was not an Air Force guy,
but uh Oh, is he not an air force guy?
No, no, no, no. He's he's a I think he's
an infantry guy. Yeah. Okay. I
definitely not an air force guy. May
maybe from the armor core. The I
wouldn't know. Uh but either one of
them. Our air chief right now he's uh
the big talk of Pakistan, the big name.
Uh because of obvious he better be. I
mean, he shot down four French planes
with Indians hidden in them. You know
what I'm saying? How many died? How many
Indians died altogether?
See, that's where my point is. There's
no way to find out. So, see, when the
truth is being concealed by whatever
propaganda,
that's where the Muslim comes into
trouble. It's like how to actually go to
the truth. Mhm. But this is obvious that
the planes, you know, cuz France
confirmed it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
everybody confirmed it actually after
France confirmed it and China confirmed
it. Yeah, China's very happy about it.
China better be happy about it. Their
machines are, you know, far superior and
they cost onethird of the money. This is
this is and and you know, it's
interesting you talk about this. I don't
want to take on too much of a tangent,
but I went to Japan recently. Yeah. And
obviously Tokyo is very well built and
stuff like that. The infrastructure is
amazing and it's like kind of dwarfs
what you see here in in London, West or
whatever. Even New York. It kind of
makes it's like New York on steroided.
But then I started speaking to some of
the guys that have been around the area
and they were saying, "But you should
look and see how the Chinese cities are
built up." I have. I've lived in China.
Yeah. Have you? And is it true then? Is
Yeah. Shanghai, my guy. Beijing
um their uh uh eastern uh coast is lined
up with something which is going to you
know Yeah. You forget New York. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. this is
they're they're way out of the game. And
and the point they were making was and
this was an interesting thing and I've
never really looked into this and ask
you because you've been in China. They
said that the way that America does it
is it really tries to market the hell
out of everything it tries to do. So for
example, you know, you if you go to New
York and Manhattan is probably like 2%
of the city, but you'd think that the
whole of America looks like that, right?
The tall building. I know. Yeah, I know.
But no, they love marketing things and
you know all these kind of things. But
the Chinese from what I've heard is that
they've got all these capabilities, but
what's happening is that they're doing
the opposite. So they're trying to
conceal. Yeah. They're trying to play
down their capabilities because they're
afraid that Well, not afraid, but
they're conscientious of they're
strategy. No, no, they're I mean I've
I've I've actually I've uh
had the fortune of actually, you know,
living and getting trained because I was
working in China Mobile. That's why I
had to be there. Yeah. And uh Shenzhen,
the city, it's southeast, right? On the
border of Hong Kong, right? Mhm. That
city is is that a highly Muslim cities?
No, no, no, no. Muslims are on the on
the western side. Yeah. Yeah. This is
this is the most advanced city probably
in the world. But when I asked China in
what sense can you explain that the
technology I mean those buildings are
you know the way they're actually
putting the the facilities around the
the the lifestyle of a regular man it's
it's because to cope with that number of
people in a city you need to be how many
is how many 1.2 two billion people in
China in Shenzhen. You know what the
best part of Shenzhen is the average age
of Shenzhen is 28. So it's the youngest
city in the world as well. The only boys
and girls live there. So it's everyone's
working. Everyone's I mean everyone's
working their car, their home, their
kids, their work ethic is no through
their cell phone because I was in
telecom, right? So that's what we were
trying to do. Their farming is done
through the cell phone. Their Ferraris
are run through the cell phone. It's not
just Yeah. There. And you know their car
companies are coming in which are the
smartest cars in the world. And I'm
telling you, if you run a comparison
between BYD and Tesla, you'll be amazed
that BYD is going to move. I've seen and
I heard as well. Yeah. And BY is not
marketing. Yeah. And Xiaomi is not
marketing. He's got a horrible name
though. And like that's why dreams or
something is it? Yeah. Is that what
stands for build? Build your dream or
something. I would know. Yeah. So, but
uh BYD is a completely like it blows the
wall giant. Yeah. Yeah. So let's just
say I'm going give you example. China
Mobile is the biggest company in the
world
but you don't hear China Mobile. You see
Apple or you know Microsoft and all of
that stuff. China Mobile is like 712
billion yuan a year company
I wouldn't even know
you. So what I'm saying is it sets the
HSN index. It's not just a comp a big
company. So, have they overtaken the
United States, do you think? Yeah. Yeah,
they have. Really? Yeah. So, the point I
was coming at was when I asked these
guys and I mean I'm talking about the
CEOs there 11 CEOs I'm actually getting
trained by at that time. I'm like why
are you guys not coming out of the
world? China Pakistan is the only
country that you actually came out and
and there's a company called Zong.
That's a China mobile company which I
was working for. And as I was getting
trained in Beijing and they were like
you know what it's going to take 100
years. It's like a pact that is already
in the dynasty that unless that you know
there's a point that we're waiting for
unless that happens within us we're not
going to globalize anything that we have
so we're against that very movement of
ZT and Huawei and all of that stuff even
though they're governmentowned companies
ZT is in England right you know all your
towers are most of them are are
literally crafted inside China by the T
so they're like you know these are
commercial ventures to get in the money
otherwise our uh this is a strategy not
to go out we're going to have to build
in and we have a timeline for this and
they actually showed me the calendar of
how you know they're going to go step by
step and I'm like oh my god and how do
you know about you're in telecom you're
not in the government like you know we
are in as we're as much of a government
as you can possibly see because we are
China mobile so is that a correct
analysis then they are just downplaying
everything they do they are they're by
design. They're downplaying it by design
and it's a part part of their global
mission. They are going to go uh out.
They're going to break loose
uh after a certain objective that
they've already set for themselves.
Maybe maj one of the scholars in
Pakistan actually literally wrote about
and gives a fatwa that this is Yaj
Majooj. Actually, a couple of them. What
do you think of China? No, I've lived
with them. So, they're not Yaju Majooj.
I mean in Hongdong they uh in Guangdong
actually they uh the CEO was like you
know what we have a rule even the
Chinese are scared of us like what's
that rule like if it has legs and if you
can move you have to eat it
you have to eat it it's like you eat
everything one time I went to a Chinese
cuz I'm
No they're not I'll tell you why tell
you I went to this halal restaurant
right I mean I'm a Muslim and I'm a
dignitary it's like coming in I'm on a
high protocol list and they take me to a
halal restaurant and he says halal on
the you know it's like a some Turkish
thing written outside as well. So I'm
like okay alhamdulillah and finally I
had been feeding myself on French fries.
Yes. And that too not uh fried. They
were like I don't know what kind of
boiled fried I was eating and it was
three or four days. So when I found that
restaurant it was in Shanghai and I went
to the restaurant the first thing I see
is that this girl and boy on a date
sitting on a table. The table has a
little hole on it and there's a monkey
that they've tied a real life monkey and
they're actually cracking the skull of
that monkey and eating the brain in the
halal restaurant. I think these people
could be No, they're not.
They're not. They're not to say could
be. But I was going to say um so you
were saying this is actually like China
versus France. What happened there with
Raphael's? Yeah. And it was it was a
victory for Could you say it was China
versus the West in a sense? Because
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Actually,
it was China against America. Yeah. Say
it. Yeah. Yeah. The same it was. But it
was China versus Taiwan. It's not China
versus Taiwan, right? It's China against
America. Right. You were saying that
China is overtaking America. But
America's got bases all over the world
and they've got a culture to export. For
example, they've got like, you know, the
liberalism. They've got a few ideologies
there. They've got Hollywood and stuff.
China doesn't have the same thing. So in
some metrics could one argue that okay
well China still got a very long way to
go in terms of catching up if if they
want to catch up with the United States?
Well if America does not fall on its own
face because of the market that is done.
One big mistake from any mistake which
is of a certain nature is going to break
America's uh you know
head right open because it's so out
there. Mhm. You know what I'm saying?
You're too exposed. Now, whatever wrong
that you're going to do, no matter who
does it on behalf of you, you're going
to take the fall for it, right? China, I
have no idea. U Muslims, they're killing
you Muslims by the day. And no Muslim
talks about this. Yeah, it's true. You
know what I'm saying? Because they've
actually made sure that you know what,
there are mistakes and we're not
marketing our goods, so we're also
getting away with our bad as well. Mhm.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah.
And I'm pretty sure that the number of
Uger Muslims are far more than Palestine
or Yemen or uh because of the fact that
they're so densely populated, right? So,
but do we know about them? No. Can we
know about them? No. You know, there's
no WhatsApp in China. There is a certain
app that they have. There's no there was
never Facebook in China. Mhm. They have
their own apps. Mhm. And so there we got
Tik Tok, right? I I think they they
invented it, I think. Yeah. I wouldn't
know because when I was there it was I
was there in 2016 last
so what I'm saying is it's not that
they're you know foolishly
uh naive or unaware of what's going on.
Everybody knows about this and they're
running out 1.2 billion people
superpower right now. They're in the
security council. So they know what
they're missing out on. So, if they're
still not making a reach for it, that
means it's by design. And I'm not just,
you know, saying it because, oh, you
know what? There's no other option. But
no, they have all the options. They're
purposely not doing it. And uh the fact
that they're structuring themselves so
well means that they know what they're
doing. And uh even if they don't do not
have 119 countries worth of army bases,
but they're still the biggest bully in
the world right now. And they they can
literally you have
no way of you being globally exposed.
You do not know two of the replies that
this man uh VP Singh gave to Donald
Trump because he does not he does not
come out. And that's he doesn't care.
you. Yeah, that's that's the absolute
sigma philosophy going on that you know
what, you keep yapping around whatever
you want to do and still you're going to
have to say China in every statement
that you say. So Trump says China way
more than Korea. And this Chinese guy is
silently enjoying all of this. You know
what I'm saying? So let's circle back to
Pakistan. What do you think of now? What
does this show about the Pakistani? What
does it show about the Indian army? Does
it show that the Indian army has been
overrated? That they're weak that that
they are they're overrelying on western
No, no, no. The worst thing that
happened to this because of this was the
Indian army's rating has to go down,
right? The Indian moral high ground
cannot save the Indian army's
incompetence here because you know their
their planes got shot down. I'm sorry.
Yeah. You you know, no matter how
morally correct you are, you're weak.
Yeah. Yeah, it doesn't matter. It
doesn't matter. You know, it's like uh
Palestinians in a high moral ground, but
they're weak. So, I'm sorry, India. Just
it's all right. Just suck it up. Take it
to the chin. You know, just um come up
with a new strategy. You want to market
yourself, then you got to shoot down a
plane or two. You know what I'm saying?
I mean, it's it's it's it's that simple.
But
I don't really care how many planes we
shoot down. You know, I'm a Muslim. I
know it does. These numbers don't really
matter. What matters is that I don't
want to be a party to a war where a
human being is going to be killed when I
know that I'm not 100% sure what is
actually what happened actually on the
ground. Sure. You know what I'm saying?
The fact that I did not have access to
what actually happened on the ground
makes me you know u I mean it's a big
problem but the fact that we have been
gifted by this thing called moodi
it is such a beautiful gift that every
Muslim has that no matter what he's
going to do he's going to be you know uh
u making it clear as daylight that this
man is like pure evil it's like Nathan
jao you know what I'm Mhm. You know,
Netanyahu is talking about now Netanyahu
is talking about Brotherhood of the
Muslims. Kick the Khazins out of Gaza.
And you know, there's so many Muslim
countries, they should have a bigger
heart. It's like Nathan Yao saying that.
So even if you say something right, we
know how pure evil by design this man is
that no matter what you do, I am not
going to have any kind of you know
dissonance in thinking that you know
what what should I do here? So if it
were a you know a straightup guy who
trying to do something right in India
even if he's a Hindu or a Christian or
Muslim that would have confused a
Pakistani but a Pakistani like me like
you know what if it's Moody on the other
side it's all right man just go ahead
just chew down a few more planes because
that's that's as jihad as it can get
because the the the regime of Moodi has
patterns way more in number. They have
not killed as many Palestinians as Moodi
has killed Muslims in India. Really?
Yeah. This guy is known as like you know
the butcher of Yeah. The butcher.
Gujarat. Gujarat. Yeah. So it's not just
Gujarat. I mean this guy is running on
the RSS machine with his right hand.
That's right. Yeah. That's something
which alone in your resume. Fascist.
Yeah. Yeah. That this alone in your
resume is like uh dude you know what
doesn't matter. It doesn't matter where
you are, how you are, when you are
fighting you is uh you know is is a is
is a is a basic
uh thing that we got to do the invisible
army that you spoke about. Yeah. Cuz I
remember reading or skimming through a
book called The Hard Life. I don't know
if you ever come across it, but there
was was like an Englishman. He went to
Pakistan. Yeah. And from my recollection
of the book, I forget the name of the
the author, but
he basically was critical about so many
different things, but when he got to the
army, he said, "No, the army is quite
strong." Basically, it's it's a
formidable force. Now that you've
mentioned this thing about the invisible
army, you know, coming in as well. Um,
how how would that take effect? Give me
an example how that would play out. So,
if these people have not been trained,
have they been trained or not been
trained? They don't have to shoot a gun.
They what would what positions would
they take on the battlefield?
They see they they they were not trained
enough
uh on paper but they still managed to
shoot down America in Afghanistan. Mhm.
Like literally. Mhm. I mean Afghanistan
was run by the Pakistani invisible army.
Is that what it was? Yeah. Well, not all
of it obvious. Not all of it obviously.
Yeah. Sure. But I uh I have uh Are you
talking about the Pashtus or the like
the PUT? No. No. or the Punjabis and the
Balois and the Cindis wherever you know
cuz when it comes down to India every
every household is going to you know no
I mean with with the America yeah yeah
those are mostly pastons but no no it's
not it's all past you can't just you
know there's so many from every part of
and this might sound you know quite I
don't know if it's antagonizing but
would you say that the pestons are the
most formidable oh for sure force oh for
sure yeah in in the Pakistani even the
Kashmir we have the azad Kashmir right
it was freed by the pashons Yeah,
actually had physically come in, beat
the hell out of India, got the territory
back and then they got back because the
last skirmish that took place between
India and and Pakistan was with Cargill,
wasn't it? Yeah. Was that in 2005 or
Yeah. And that one wasn't as favorable
as this one. No, it was way more. See,
that's the problem. See, our marketing,
that's where we suck at. Okay. Gargle
was a way bigger victory than this one.
This is not in comparison. Are you
kidding me? He had not know we had more
than 600. The narrative that I heard
about Kaggle is that they they left
after you know they were called. No,
there's a packact. There's no there's a
packact that the the the glaciers in
winter they actually freeze over a way
bigger area right so both armies have
the pack that they're going to leave
that area. There's not going to be any
fight and it's a consensus. We've agreed
upon this. Both the armies are going to
retreat and then uh in the summers we're
going to come back and take our posts.
The Pakistan army what they did was when
it was really cold, isn't it? It is 60
below something. So wind. Yeah. So it's
too expensive for both the armies to
keep those posts alive and you know
working and everything. Plus it's
practically impossible. So people die
just because of frostbite anyway. Mhm.
So they had a pact for many years. One
fine day the Pakistan army says you know
since both armies are retreating let's
just not retreat and let them retreat
and wherever they go just go behind them
and take their posts from within India
which they did and for all those days
till Bill Clinton came in and talked to
his little son called Noash Sharif and
says you know uh shimmy me up buddy get
get your boys killed right now come back
otherwise Pakistan army had already
taken over India. Yeah. Yeah. That's
right. Yeah. We were 15 kilometers down
Shinagar which is the capital of Indian
Kashmir. Mhm. Okay. We had all of Then
they went back though, isn't it? That's
the time when India started marketing
that year. They're shooting down
Pakistan because Pakistan army soldiers
were ordered to come back even though
even the soldiers and I know I covered
that story in detail by talking those
soldiers. We were you know crying blood
at that time. What are you guys doing?
This guy Noir only. Mhm. So that was a
way bigger victory in numbers and area
and you know all the the resources that
we have. It shows you how possible it is
how how how easy it is. Yes. Yeah. Easy
it is to be honest. Pakistan and China
showed it last year how easy it is to
take India. Right. Yeah. China. What
happened? China took the the the lower
edge of Tibet and uh beat the actual is
it is it just because are the a lot of
the Indian army are they cowardly? Is
that what Yeah. You know what? This is
psychologically not possible to actually
protect your uh you know to to get that
superior psychology based on a piece of
land. It's not possible. We're not
designed for it. And their whole
psychology is like you know mother
Russia was the reason of Russian
breaking up. The land is not designed by
this. This creature is not from or made
for or from any land. M this is what I'm
saying to all Muslims that you know what
the fact that we cannot be nationalists
or you know you know be about a piece of
land. It is not just for the interest of
our faith. It is an organic design not
to be you know attached to a land and
try and you know give your life for it.
So mother Russia is the exact same word
Indians use for uh they call it mother
India. M so mother India is not going to
be enough for you to have that sort of a
vigor in your blood that you're going to
do whatever you can for it because
because that shows that you know
Pakistan have had many victories against
India in the last 20 30 years different
types of not just the Raphael's being
shot down they've had different types of
victories with Kaggle as well then yeah
and uh the fact that we have u you know
a
mathemat Dramatically they have much
more people a lot more people
statistically they have a lot more
resources there's about two 300 million
Muslims as well though would they I mean
let me ask you this sure they're more
than 400 they just can't don't count
them probably why would they register
that yeah in Pakistan do you think that
the Muslims what do you think I don't
know how well connected you are with
Muslims in India a lot very deeply
connected so what from your
understanding you're speaking to them
and stuff to what extent are they allied
to the Indian state as it is or the
government as it is or what what kind of
relationship do you reckon they have
with it? There are two types of Muslims
both in India and Pakistan. Sure. One
who are actually studying in themselves
into Islam and ones who will never study
anything about Islam. Yeah. Most of the
people are never going to study anything
about Islam regardless of whether
they're Pakistani, Indians, Egyptians,
Yemenes or whatever because you know
that's your regular mass. Yeah, that
regular mass has to be trained into some
sort of psychology or identity which is
your nationalistic identity. Now, so
Indian Muslims who are not trained into
Islam, they're naturally going to be
nationalistic. Are they just like
Pakistanis? Pakistanis are a lot more
Pakistanis.
The difference being is that you know
with Pakistani
let's say I'm not very religious but
Pakistan itself has like a connotation
of Islam because it was that's the only
play that we have otherwise deep down
there are more they're Pakistani before
they're Muslims
regular mass regular mass I'm talking
being connected to the Indian government
is probably more severe because it's a
Hindutva government it's like a fascist
government you know what I mean like
yeah in this case yes but for the last
75 years not every government is Moody's
government right yeah yeah sure so but
They're still been They've all been
what? Like nationalistic? There has to
be. They have to be. There's never been
a Muslim Indian uh president or
something, has there have been? Yeah. In
India? Yeah. Yeah. How many have there
been? Uh I can think of one. I don't
know. Maybe a couple really. Yeah. But I
I know one. So it's It doesn't really
matter. See, that Muslim guy was the
most nationalistic Indian ever born in
the planet. He might as well be just
like, you know,
well, might as well. Yeah, but he can't
be because Hindutwa is way more into
the anti-Muslim sentiment than Muslims
are for the anti-istic sentiment. So the
the the numbers don't really back you
up. But uh but you think there's more
Muslims in India than the numbers show.
A lot more. There are a lot more
Pakistanis in Pakistan that the numbers
show. Really? Really? Yeah. We don't
register. Yeah. Yeah. Don't register.
Yeah. We we are we are at least 300
million. What do you think would happen
if let's say hypothetically there was
some kind of a war that took place
between Pakistan and India even though
now it looks like it's been resolved
it's going to be a nationalistic war
unless of course as I said that's hence
the gift of Moodi Muslims like me are
also going to take part in this war
because I know it doesn't matter I mean
Alibabali was asked when he was fighting
against Mavia like you know both of them
are like big names fighting for both the
parties who's going to decide who's
going to go to heaven or hell
And Ali says whoever is fighting for Ali
is not going to make it to heaven. Who's
fighting for Mavi is not going to make
it to heaven. Whoever is fighting for
Allah from either one of those is you
know is going to make it. And that's a
very basic test. So for whoever's
fighting for Pakistan is not going to
make it. Doesn't matter whether you're
Muslim or not. And there's going to be
Muslims in fighting for Indian army as
well, right? So whoever's fighting for
India, I'm sorry. Doesn't matter. It
doesn't matter whether we have a Muslim
government or not. What matters is
whether you know you're actually
fighting for the right cause. Sure. In
this case, this was the right cause to
fight India. So it doesn't matter
whether you're nationalist or not,
right? But if you die based on that
nationalistic flavor, then I'm sorry
Muslims in Pakistan, that's not going to
help you. Doesn't matter if Moodi is on
the other side. Moodi is not the
deciding factor here. Your heart is, you
know. No, you're right. But on the point
of the Muslim Indians, yeah. So what
kind of relationship do you think? Would
you say the majority of them are
anti-government in anti government? in
India. Yeah. And I wouldn't expect them
to be anti-India, right? No, no, of
course not. I'm saying anti-government
in the sense that they're I mean it's
such a present government at least.
Yeah. Yeah. The the BJP uh or the RSS
flavor of the government. Yeah. This
guy's plain RSS with both his hands
obviously because he needs the I mean
why wouldn't you? You're a politician.
You need the numbers. This is about 80%
of the land. Do you think some of them
would become part of the army? Some
Muslims will be part of the Indian army?
There are more than a 100,000 Muslims in
the Indian army currently. Currently
registered active personnel or I would
know that they would never release those
stats. And what's do you know their full
numbers? Do you know? They're 900,000.
That's pretty that's what they
registered yet. Both active and
reserveists. I wouldn't know the I think
this is something they publish. I would
I didn't but I mean you know the the
known figure that we have is 900,000. We
have 700,000. They have 900,000.
Okay. So let's move on to to Palestine
now. Oh yes, please. So how would you
read the situation now? I don't know if
you've seen Piers Morgan and the show
here and and stuff like that. People,
you know, jumping ship and and switching
sides. Last time I I saw him was uh on
little clips cuz the main show that I've
ever seen was you and Finkele. That's
it. Yeah. Well, they're the best ones
anyway. I know. I swear. That is so
true.
Yeah. And I seen both of your I saw
Dilly's too. I saw Dilly's too. Yeah,
Dill is good. But you know now I fell in
love with Dilly out of that, you know.
So the way he was uh amazing the way he
was tilting his head. He's done a
podcast with as well, isn't he? Yeah, I
have.
Um yeah, he's now do you know in I was
just speaking to the uh to the guys
before and I was saying that it's like
in wrestling in WWE wrestling when you
have like they call him a baby face like
a good good guy character and then he
switches he just hits somewhere with the
steel ste still chair or something and
becomes heel or he's a heel and then he
switches and he becomes baby face but
this guy's become babyface he's now
switched to the right side a little bit
too late and so even those people who
would otherwise sympathize with him they
just think it's just way too late now
yeah it's too fake. Now it seems fake
and I don't want to say he's fake. You
know, maybe he means well. Maybe he
means well. Maybe he's actually come to
the truth or whatever. But but you know
what? That's what I you know what your
your appearances and uh even Finkele
this is a good litmus test of what why
would he or anybody in his position
would do whatever he's doing cuz he's
trying to secure a career. Yeah. You
guys were not securing careers. You know
what I'm saying? You guys were securing
uh the the the institute of huck and uh
battle and the truth and you know what
should be a logical way. This guy is
securing a career man. This guy's need a
he needs a job. He needs his ratings.
Yeah. His numbers his he needs them
numbers. And I think that's probably one
of the main reasons why he switched
because his numbers were dwindling. So,
it's like, okay, you need to make the
switch now to bring interest again into
the show because otherwise, if you if he
continued on the same trajectory, let's
be honest, people wouldn't care too much
about watching his show. It's like,
we've heard you before. But now, he's
doing something novel. He's bringing the
Israeli ambassador and start grilling
her. It was actually quite good
grilling. I mean, he could have done
that from the beginning. And he does the
same technique. He just finds two or
three questions that he probably
formulates right before the show, you
know, or in a restaurant somewhere where
he's having his his uh his fish and
chips. And you know, he'll say like, for
example, why is it the the the questions
he's asking now is why is it that you're
not letting the the uh journalists in?
As if that's one of the most important
questions. Yeah. That's like a who
cares? Yeah, I know. Do you know what I
mean? No, I know. Oh my god. Now,
Netanyahu, now you have revealed your
real face. Yeah. Why do we need the
journalist? We've got so many social
media pictures and videos and what more
do you want to see? Like do you know
what I mean? In fact, if
a face saving thing that he had to come
up with something because I think I
think his own personal circles, Dave
knocked some sense into him that you
know what, you know, you're you're
coming off a little too visible as of a
puppet of some sort. Yeah. And uh you
might want to get some spine at some
point in time, which he's trying to show
now. Yeah. Yeah, which you know what,
you know, hats off to him where as long
as you know he he he tried to but a lot
I don't know if you saw this but there's
um you know there's a guy called David
Lammy here's a politician no and he was
he was lambasting in prime minister's
questions he was lambasting pretty patel
you know on the issues and he was saying
why don't you condemn Israel he was like
why condemn Israel condemn Israel etc
etc so it seems to be like a concerted
effort or some kind of move it's a shift
all of them are doing at the same time.
And I was trying to figure out the
reason why that is the case. I mean, I
don't know if you've got any ideas, but
I was listening to the most recent thing
between Norman Finkelstein and Benny
Morris, who's another historian on the
subject and stuff debating. Have you met
him? No, I've read him. I mean,
actually, I I recommend his book, you
know, his book is actually uh pretty uh
Beny Morris. No, no, he's all filled
with lies. No, that's what that's why
you need to read. Yeah. Yeah. It's been
reviewed thoroughly by uh Finkelstein.
But the point is is they were going back
and forth and Morgan was asking either
of them like why is it that's happening
and why is it now and Finkelestein was
like everyone's jumping ship and I'm
paraphrasing him but he was saying the
reason why they're jumping ship is
because they know that there's going to
be some kind of a extreme genocide
that's going to take place. They're
going to try and bring them all to the
south and basically kill them all or
something like that or some mad thing is
going to happen. And Benny Morris was
saying and on this I mean I wouldn't
usually say this but I hope he's right
that it's not going to be as extreme as
that but they're basically going to try
and colonize the country in a sense and
make it all like militarized zones or
whatever it may be. So which I agree. Do
you think that's more the case because
they cannot move uh close to 2 million
people anywhere. There were way less
Jews in Germany and they couldn't move
them. Yeah. and everybody wanted them
and they still couldn't move them and
nobody wants the Palestinians. Even the
Palestinians don't want to move. Yeah.
So they will have to barricade certain
uh I you can see circles on the map.
Yeah. Those circle I can even plot
around Jericho around you know the
Egyptian side and around. Yeah. So there
are circles which are obviously those
walls where which are non-ontent and u
this is just like tiny little versions
of gaza uh 200 gazas
based on uh whoever passes to be inside
the wall and that will be more of an
achievement for that guy who's going to
be given food or whatever resources and
going to be managed by Israel directly
by a Muslim like Yaser Rafat as a
minister for these sort of circles. M
that's what I see. God forbid. Do do you
think they're going to bring someone
from the Khaled from from one of the
Gulf States to like NBS? No. Maybe maybe
a conglomerate. Maybe some some guy from
Egypt even. Some guy who's a Harvard
graduate but a Palestinian descent.
Maybe something like that. Yeah. Hence.
Yeah. Some minister, I don't know, could
speak Arabi. But uh you'd have some
serious sideburns in that.
So I don't know
could be anybody but uh has to be
otherwise it wouldn't play he wouldn't
play with Pierce Morgans and all that
stuff. See that's where he comes in.
That's my classification of Pierce
Morgan. He they these guys would okay
with this kind of be okaying that kind
of solution. Yeah with some kind of
pictures coming in for kids having some
kind of food and that's it. That's why I
like Chsky. He actually you know to no
Chomsky Chsky because then there were
there was a time when there was a land
swab idea. Mhm. If you if of course you
know if you had covered that part of
Chsky's versus desit uh uh you know uh
application of the solution in UN and
they were both submitting amendments of
the the UN policy and I was covering it
you know while that was happening. I was
a student trying to do whatever I could
to learn whatever was going on and there
was this land swap
opportunity
that somehow Israel was saying yes to at
that time that we can swap lands. So
Chsky gave a blueprint of okay you want
to swap lands then uh the connection
between two parts of Israel uh two parts
of Palestine is uh is not there. There's
no road that connects you have to go
through a motorway which is going to put
you inside Israel because there's a
motorway in Palestine and that motorway
has to be given to Palestine then. So
you might as well just give us that part
of the land which has that
infrastructure built. So, and Israel is
not going to say yes to that. So, there
was a list of areas where Israel has
said yes, had said yes to that you can
take these lands and we're going to take
Gaza. As soon as they said that, all of
a sudden, Palestine backed off. Like,
what did this was in the cards? This was
not even the cards. Why would you want
to take Gaza? Because we were talking
about two small uh you know, very small
uh vicinities getting into some sort of
connection. So then they actually gave
into the map given by Alan Duritz and
that's 242 the resolution which uh which
is 242's backdrop is this land swap
failure to swap lands. So
when you see that map, you see what I
was this guy is talking about right now.
T little con confinement circular
guarded by a ministry where only a
certain type of uh you know uh food can
go in. Everything's monitored. It's like
a jail cell. Uh less than a jail cell
actually. In jail cell you get to have
some sort of you know station. Yeah. You
can get visitors. Here you cannot get
visitors. And um they will that's that's
a good point to be honest. Yeah. Yeah.
So it's it's uh it's something which
which was published in but I'm talking
about 200 four five six year or maybe 6
7 8. Yeah. Uh so
I wouldn't be surprised. I think this is
something which um so you think they're
going to try and take it over and make
it they've already taken over. Yeah. You
know but there are some pockets in like
that there's still fierce fighting. I've
seen like in Alazer Arabic, you know,
Hamas is essentially putting up videos
of them blowing up tanks and stuff like
that and fierce fighting and shooting
and snipering and all this kind of
stuff. And I'm thinking I mean there
where is this happening? This is
happening in like Yeah, I know. That's
what I'm and all these kind of places
mid kind of Gaza where they haven't
taken over yet. like
no they they you know the last statement
of uh Trump and Nathan Yao were like you
know how to get 1.78
million 8 million7 you know arrogantly
he's just quoting numbers as if it's
poultry
uh I don't think anyone in the world can
get 2 million people out of a piece of
land nobody can it's not possible
uh 200,000 became a crisis for Syria in
the you know in the southern Europe
European borders, but 2 million people
coming in,
let's just say Egypt. What is Egypt
going to do? They're not going to take
them. They cannot take them. It's not
about they're not going to. They cannot.
So, just like nobody can take Ukrainians
in in Europe. Just like that. No Muslim
can take Palestinians in. And even if
they can take it, no Palestinian wants
to go.
That's not a Palestinian thing to do to
just, you know, flee. So even if they
go, it's going to happen just like what
happened to the Jews. Jews were given a
passage to Egypt and then they were
called back and nobody came back. You
know what I'm saying? And whoever did
come back was mixed. And you know, now
they're casted down in Israel because
they called it a certain name. I keep
forget Jews. Yeah. Yeah. Because somehow
the black Jews Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
they were like that possibly and this is
a hybrid. We never it's not prophesized
in the Bible.
So there are three kinds of Jews in
Israel. And that third second kind is
Arabian Jew by the way. He's also second
second degree citizen. So second grade
this third grade citizen was because you
know somebody did come back. Yeah, it is
a cast system. At least they call it the
cast system. So unless it's the herodin,
he's not a real Jew. And that's why they
don't really go into IDF as well. You
know that that Jew does not even enlist
for the IDF. He's too pious to fight,
you know, and they're running everything
else, but they can't go to IDF. So the
second class citizen goes to IDF and you
third class citizen goes everywhere.
So this is what's going to happen to uh
the the Palestinians. Whoever wants to
go is they will be, you know, cut off
from the from from our tribes. That's
right. So why would they want to go? I
mean, as nationalistic as it sounds,
maybe it is nationalistic for them. I I
don't speak on behalf of the hearts of
the Palestinians, but it's not a Muslim
thing to do anyway. I mean, it's like uh
something goes wrong in um you know,
which is going on in Pakistan,
Balojistan. Let's just vacate Blojasthan
then. It's like you know this is this is
you us saying the same thing that
Blojasthan is in trouble. Open the doors
of Punjab, vacate Blojasthan, let India
take it over. No, that is I think that's
a very interesting analysis and um we've
covered two major political points now.
No, you know the problem that I have
right now in Pakistan is that Pakistanis
have started to pay into this or or feed
into this narrative of us
or or everybody taking Palestinians out
of Palestine instead of sending the
armies in. They're telling the regular
citizens to come out and thinking and
literally quoting quoting a hadith and s
and Albani that hijra is you know a part
of the options and hijra is a
recommended option in this situation
it's an Islamic flavor they're giving to
the diaspora of Muslims inside
Palestine. It's like a Muslims saying
this about Palestine. Yeah, we have the
same thing in Arab world, bro. like you
know it's it's it's a real problem. It's
lack of action. We're going to be asked
about this on the day of judgment.
There's no question about this. It's
like what can we do? Yeah. And course um
you just have to take the plunge.
Sometimes you just have to take a risk
and sometimes we think that being you
know sometimes it's risky not to take a
risk because I think that a beautiful
thing to say. Yeah. Yeah. If you
countries like what is Netanyahu
thinking with all of these Arab
countries you know around and none of
them are doing. If I was Netanyahu, I'd
think, okay, well, these guys are easy
meat. And there's a part of the council
of Netanyahu that is factoring in that
unpredictable thing that Muslims can do.
Even they're thinking that we're going
to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And but
we're not going to. Yeah. And you
say like, you know, no one in the Middle
East is doing this and that and you
know, just stay quiet or something like
that. It's like this is like the the
heights of humiliation to be honest with
you, bro. And you're talking about
Pakistan. But in really and truly in
classical books, they'll talk about, you
know, the closest neighbors having to
first engage. Yeah. But the first fat in
Pakistan as well, you know, so you know,
like why are you cutting everybody
else's slack of not being a Muslim
anymore? But okay, let's just say, okay,
mathematically they're way more liable
to But now it's not that fatwa anymore.
In Pakistan, the the our grand mutis
gave the fatwa. Yeah.
Amani who I met by the way
I sat with him had I was very surprised
because he was one of the first scholars
who was he jumped to it he was like you
know Palestine and he wanted to meet me
because of my discussion with Pers
Morgan and he was like you know this
he's very very passionate about
Palestine I was that's the kind of thing
that is really refreshing in the Muslim
world I think that there is a bit of
hopelessness that we also find in the
Muslim world but there's so many strong
voices but it's just like they're not
decision makers and that's the thing The
Muslim ummah is alive. They're vibrant.
They want to do things, but it's just
they're not decision makers on these
issues. Cuz our clergy is not a strategy
maker. That's the problem. A regular Jew
would be making decisions in his own if
he can give let's just say, right? If he
says, you know, jihad is you have to do
jihad. Now, but you have to do the fatwa
and then the of the fatwa at the same
time. that if you don't do jad the
government then the fatwa on the regular
joe is that if you are party to this
government then you are questionable on
the day of right this is a complete
statement that should have come from
takus man's mouth say that again so
break it up so the government has to do
jihad right now in Palestine and if the
regular Joe if the government does not
do jihad right now the regular Joe is
liable if you support this government if
you if then you're a party support on on
the on the issues of being inactive
being inactive. Yes. Inactive. So a
regular job doesn't really bother much
about whether because the fat was for
the government. But the government is me
right. I am making that government. I'm
a party to the government. So the should
have been right right there inside that
very fatwa. And it should have been a
written fatwa issue just like any other
fatwa about anything that takani writes.
But this time was just a verbal fatwa.
No, it's to be honest, it's so much
better than what we've got in other
parts of the Muslim world. Sure. Yeah.
Yeah. Of course. Fatwa is going against
Palestine right now in other countries.
Unbelievable. Unbelievable. But it's to
be honest, it's like
Allah he wants to distinguish the the
the dirty and the impure from the pure
where
you know like he brings all the
together. He brings all the dirt and the
impurity together. I think the Palestine
issue, like you know, all these other
issues that we're talking about as well,
the Pakistan issue and the weaguer issue
and all the things we've covered, these
really show people's true nature and
what they're about, their character.
Yeah. But, you know, at least they're
visible and they're not fitna, they're
sh Yeah.
I'm worried about is the fitna that you
know uh you know I was actually
listening to one of your podcasts where
you actually quoted
and uh that struck me it struck me so
much as a psychologist I'm telling you
you were quoting um
now you know what that actually means I
read something did I mention that in the
podcast no I wouldn't because I got a
real and I was like oh my god this I
really nailed it. And I'll tell you why
I as I I saw this thing with like was
mentioning something about this ayah
which is really powerful. He said,
"Oh Allah, don't make us a fitna or
tribulation for those who have
disbelieved." And he said, and this
might be I might have missed it long
time ago. I read it, but he said that
means in when you as Muslims lose a
battle, when you're losing things, the
disbeliever thinks that he's on the H.
He better think like that. That's what
my analysis is because that's the
serotonic behavior. Whoever is reigning,
yeah, whoever is in power is natural.
Yeah. more liable and
and on a lot of logical basis right as
well that if you were right you wouldn't
have lost this or be under my command
right now. Yeah. And that's what the
Quran says as well in what Allah says um
if it was good they wouldn't have
preceded us. Yes. Yeah. They wouldn't
have preceded us. There you go. That
completes the puzzle. So the mimicry is
done for the alpha. The alpha is also
has to be in the power. So everyone's
going to mimic the alpha. Now I am even
if I'm right, but I've lost my battle
with you against you and you even if
you're wrong, you're not going to mimic
me. That's right. That's right. Now
that's why I'm becoming a fitna to you.
That's right. It's a fna. But it's a
huge fitna. Like do you know on a very
like minor level, we've tried this. We
sometimes give da and Ali's here as
well. He can he can testify to this. You
give da, we give da into areas which are
like more working-class areas. So like
maybe there's a place called Kilburn
here in London. I'm not sure if you've
seen it, but it's a working-class area.
There's a brother who was called Daer is
easy. And he had like a whole channel
and he was like a machine. And he was
giving like I don't know some days he'd
have 10 shiadas a day like genuinely and
I was there to see it witness it maybe
four or five six shahadas a day and
people were into it because if they're
from a kind of working-class background
or whatever you try the same thing in
Fulham or one of those kind of like
high-end areas West Hamstead in London
doesn't work like that doesn't work
you'll be lucky to go to get one and I
think that mel or I'm having money or
having prestige or being the winner or
thinking that you're educated the person
speaking to you is just too much of an
psychological obstacle. It's called
dominance hierarchy. Yeah. It's too much
of a psychological obstacle for some
people. So that's the problem. You're
against your own chemistry then you
know. Now this is what I I was this is
what I want to for all boys and girls or
in their you know early ages you you
better better understand this that Quran
is a book of psychology because Allah
made us and he knows the machine and
he's talking about this so literally.
Yeah. So you can't miss it. Even if you
want to, you can't miss it. That the
dominance hierarchy is going to make the
mass mimic the alphas. Now if the alphas
are on uh any sort of I mean if they're
on the wrong path then yeah the whole
mass is gone. So the alpha becomes the
fitna for the mass. But let's just say
the mass is on the right path. The Quran
is with the mass and we have people like
you know in in my country or wherever a
Muslim MBS or whatever you know these
people are having their vision 2030 or
2050 or whatever they think they're
going to live out and they are actually
in power and they have actually confused
the huck with the battle
and for whatever reasons you know I'm
not saying that they're their hearts are
black what I'm saying is they just got
confused but they're now in power. So
Allah says
we're like what does that even mean? You
know what that means? It means right
there in the very ayah, you know that
you know
you knew and you're doing this
concealment by your own accord. You know
what I'm saying?
It's like so Allah is talking to Jews by
the way here. But here we know that you
know if the alpha is confused the mass
is confused and that's subhan Allah in
the Quran where where it's also
mentioned.
So the the or the arrogant ones the the
weak ones will be saying to the arrogant
ones we used to follow you so you going
to reduce from the punishment. It shows
you like in the hellfire this is exactly
the dynamic that's hierarchy in the
actual hellfire itself and it continues
all the way to the hellfire and uh
that's what the even the most atheistic
evolutionary biologists are saying as
well. Yeah. They're like, "You know
what? If the alpha without having even
if without his own choice is going to
create his copies downstairs in the mass
and no matter whether he's right or
wrong, the copies are going to be the
same. They're going to make sure that
they copy the alpha. That's what
everybody does. So the solution to that
is that Muslim empowerment then, isn't
it? Muslim empowerment has or not just
the clergy of Muslims has to be in
power. Okay. So explain this now. How
would how what's the strategy for that?
How do we achieve Muslim empowerment
like this? First of all, you know, when
we say power, we mean politics, right?
We mean money, we mean connections, we
mean high uh high deeper networks. If
this becomes a part and parcel of the
mandatory parts of religion which is in
the Quran by the way
is not a request. Allah only orders. You
know what I'm saying? And it's not an
advice. So the ayah means just for the
people that doesn't the ayah means that
it is incumbent upon you to muster up
whatever you can as all many resources
as you possibly can. Do not go weak. Do
not give a weaker impression. The
prophetam uh I you could tell me the
name of the sab because I keep mixing
names. Who had the biggest mustache and
he was put right in the flanks the first
flank of the every time I think u
uh Abu Kotada or Dana Abu Dhana. Yeah.
Abu Dhana. I don't know if he had a
massive mustache at the Yeah. Or and and
then u um
well he put the red bandana on
Abuja. So he his mustache habas were
like you know what he's not you know
Islamic to have that kind of mustache.
The prophet know I made sure that he had
that mustache because he's in my first
flank. He needs to have that terror
struck right in the hearts. I I read the
hadith in a different way where he was
walking with a bit of a strut with a bit
of like Yeah. Cuz he was complaining
because of this gate. His gate. He was
complaining. But prophetam said, "You
know what? No, it's I need this. Yeah,
exactly. I need this. It's not good in
any situation except Yeah. Because we're
actually uh you know at war. And so we
need to have that terror struck into the
heart because the dominance has to be,
you know, casted. You're not going to
just have dominance. It has to be
casted. And that's on every single level
like people I think they miss this
because and this becomes like you know
um the issue of soft imams or whatever
you want to call them docsile or passive
or kind of you know placid you know
where carcenogenic is what I call them
estrogenic
car
nobody you know what that's actually
true to many mom that you're going to
find if you do background profile you're
going to find estrogen full maybe they
have five big sisters and raising a
little pup You know what I'm saying? No,
but it's a thing because I saw I
actually not to say that you shouldn't
do that and obviously, you know, spend a
lot of time with my own children. I've
got four children myself, but there's a
study that was done, I think, in the
Philippines that say when you spend time
with kids, your estrogen levels just
shoot up. If you spend time with kids
all the time, you just your estrogen
levels shoot up. Yeah, you're better.
Oxytocin and estrogen both. So, I mean,
you got you've got to do something about
this. You got to go to the gym. You've
got to run around. You've got to be with
men a little bit. Hang out with the
boys. That's what I tell mommies. Hang
out with the boys. Absolutely. And you
know what I did a background and check
on a few of Muslim scholars in Pakistan
because I I wanted to study why are they
like they're picking out ayats which is
going to serve their objectives or their
narrative especially at this time like
and this is the thing it's like um I was
looking at sort of you know it's a
beautiful surah and at the end of the
surah there's
um
so was talking before that it was
talking about the poets that the poets
are misguided etc etc and then this last
ayah literally the last ayah and I was
looking at except for and I gave an
exception to the poets the ones who
believe and do good deeds and
that they um sought victory after they
were oppressed so I wanted to see what
does this mean sought victory after and
they said in context of the poets
they're the ones who respond in poetry
after the poetry has been attacked today
The poetry equivalent is social media.
Social media. It's the media. It's
social media. It's all these things. And
how did the prophetam instruct Hassanbat
and all the other poets to deal with the
enemy? Was it in a passive way? Was it
in a soft way? Was it? No, it wasn't. It
was it was exactly how they attacked. So
for example,
what Allah says about that he says,
you mock us. We're going to mock you
just like the way you so there there's
that matching energy thing right now
we're in No it's not dramatic at the
same level that's the word you cannot
you know um playing in a smaller league
then than than what the enemy is playing
in that's uh yeah it's the underdog
complex we don't need to be underdogs
we're not under we have the hak we have
the truth and it was that confidence
like
of and others it was that that brought
Islam to the world it if you don't have
this now it's this you're going to die
off like a dying breed. And you know
what? The liberals are doing a good job
in every country, Muslims trying to
claim superiority of their own whatever
nation that they're in. Yeah, exactly.
But the Muslim clergy is trying to play
this little uh you know um we call it
the Rahib, you know, right? The guy
who's got nothing and like a monk. Like
a like a monk. Yeah. Like a monk.
They're trying to make the monk they be
the monk and they're virtue signaling
their monkship. Yeah. It's horrible. And
that's literally enough is enough, bro.
Enough is enough. Honestly, no, it's a
Muslim psychology now that you're going
towards the the the the money or the
resources, you're less of a Muslim.
That's ingrained inside the psychology.
I think it's it's a false understanding
of Yeah. Because opposite
says that
Allah likes to see Yeah. the effects of
his blessings on his on his servants. So
when I looked at the shhat of this
hadith it says that it means that if
you're if Allah has given you wealth why
are you walking around basically if you
wear something nice if you wear good
clothes if you wear this and that that's
Allah likes to see that from you. So
it's there is an aspect of I think zud
which is which is commendable but
there's an aspect which we've
misunderstood and at this point in time
when we're actually battling the enemies
the greatest zood is is a struggle
against a strong struggle. Yeah actually
you're not going to get more zood than
this. Yeah. Literally literally there's
no mood than that. So the hierarchy is
there. Yeah. And unless we change the
definition of current definition of
Islam, it's not going to come as a
religious movement anyway. And that will
be a way bigger fitna for the religious
Muslims.
Why do you think these people, these two
clans became
[Music]
you know what I'm saying? Yeah. because
they were given the the hierarchical
position. Yeah. And we've given that to
our clergy. Yeah. That's true. And our
clergy is like, you know what, we don't
deserve it. Let's just give the award to
our parliamentarians.
So there is no religious man that can
ever walk the the the the into the
building of our parliament house. We
cannot or the the general headquarters
of the army. You cannot. It's not going
to happen because the system is wired to
filter out the religious element from
the basics be it politics. So the
religious men need to rebrand then they
need to have a No, redefine redefine and
we need to rebrand. Yeah. Yeah. That's
where you come in. I sw you have no
idea. I'm not trying to boast your ego
here. No, you can't do it. So it's fine.
I know. Maybe over over inflated
already. I did. Yeah.
Listen, you are probably the only way I
can brand
brand. Okay, it is. But listen, but even
if you or 100 more hijabs come in,
they're not going to redefine a Muslims
Islam in Pakistan or Indonesia. A local
clergy is going to do that. That's how
the system works. That's how seroton
works. It's got to be someone that looks
like you is and and and iss from within
you. From within you. You know what I'm
saying? Plus, he's got to have that sort
of an emotional flavor of a degree.
Yeah. We came up with a degree in Islam
as well. You know what I'm saying? You
have to have a degree in Islam. You know
what I'm saying? So, Aliab Ali went to
some university in their in their in
their minds or uh you know, Abu
Abdullahbas was a graduate from some
university. But because we have them
now. So, okay. Okay. Given that we have
some degree programs, I got it. Take it.
Yeah. But you need to redefine
power back into Islam. So, okay. Okay,
give me some strategies like practically
for a person that's watching this at
home. Let's diagnose the disease first.
Yeah. The intoxication of the false
perception of Huck. Okay. The and it's
very intoxicating. We're designed for
Huck. Muslims or non-Muslims. Human
beings are moving towards the truth no
matter in what realm that they live in,
breathe in, move in. But the journey is
towards you know from a lower sense of
psychology to a higher sense of
psychology. And nothing gives you a
higher sense of psychology than you
knowing that you're on the truth.
Whether you're in you know South America
or 200 years ago, 2,000 years ago,
yesterday or you know 200 years from
now, every human being is naturally
disposed towards walking towards the
truth. No one wants to be known as a
dumb person or on the wrong side of
things. And that's your natural move.
That's the only absolute commonality
between all human beings that were ever
born. So that's the definition of our
specy. That's why Allahel uses the word
huck so many times that I made you to a
driver towards the huck. You're
naturally going to go towards this.
That's the fra and that's also my
manifesto for you as well.
So
that means you purposely mixing. Yeah,
mixing is the word. But then Allah says,
you need to understand this. Pakistanis
don't know. So means by design they're
hiding it. You know what I'm saying?
Means nothing else except that you know
and you're still doing something else.
Allah says in
that you know and you purposely
you know shadowing it or hiding it
because there's some vested interest
social pressure or something that's
going best interest yeah best vested
interest in a regular mass you cannot
have that because regular mass is pure
whatever my clergy says I'm going to go
for it but the clergy knows that's why
Allah says
like why these Why not the politicians
here? Why not the the leaders? You know
what I'm saying? So these this is the
hierarchy of the people following the
Quran. Yeah. So now people like you or
Omaran or Miy or Takusmanis.
No, no, I know I I'm not you know see I
I I loved your humility but you need to
understand Takusman does not even have
10% I'm not saying won't 10% of the
reach in regular mass in globally that
you think
you won't matter you will be questioned
on the day of judgment sure sure yeah
and that's the first question that did
you not know the landscape were you not
a part of this war you were not born in
the times of peace you were born in the
time of war so what was the game plan
Were you a bishop or a rook or a pawn?
And even if you were, were which side
were you fighting? Madukum. Maduka.
That's the second question of the grave.
Madina means which system were you part
of? That's right. In Pakistan, Madina
answer Islam.
It's like really
mad means were you a party to what
system? Like were and define it. M so I
if I'm not looking at the landscape
measuring and training every child this
is the landscape buddy you need to
redefine as clergy and rebrand as a mass
and if you don't not doing both those
things which by the way you can do both
I can't do both you can do both so
you'll be
twice as accountable you know what I'm
saying so give us some more of like
actual practical so first one is
doing. Exactly. And do not do of althan.
Yeah. Yeah. Do not conceal the the the
first question audience will be asking
is do two boys really two boys are going
to tell me that 200 years of my clergy
with white beard and millions years
accumulative experience. You know that
they were doing kathan and you know the
truth. You know what I'm saying? That's
a normal and natural disposition. If
you're asking this question you've
already taken step one. You do not have
to listen to us. Just read the Quran and
read the s you'll find out that there is
no not even a single iota of an example
from the life of the prophetam or any
sahhabi that the current clergy is
living right now
and every single sahabi was moving
towards growing the network gaining the
power and making sure that going towards
every part of the world trying to save
every single bits of humanity and saving
the oppressed by the oppressor.
and by fighting the oppressor even if
they have to and they had to and they
did and we we're actually the exact
opposite. Palestine is a symptom of this
very disease. Palestine could not have
come at a more beautiful time to train
the generations that you know what it's
an inflection point. Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. That this by the way I call it
the point of no return that if we go
immune on Palestine that means no
Pakistan or Egypt or Yemen or no one is
going to save nobody now. Yeah. So it is
right now the time to redefine for
Muslims that you know what even if
they're not doing kitman I'm telling you
they're doing you know uh talbisu is a
totally different degree. What's that
one? Yeah the what I'm sorry what did
you just say when Allah says talbisu. Oh
talbisu is a totally different degree of
a crime but taku is a totally different
criminal. You know what I'm saying? He's
doing it in a He's not confused.
Could be confused, but is like you did
it on purpose. You knew what you were
doing. And
means they knew that these people
because Allah, you know, goes on and
says that, you know, they were just
selling it so that they can get some
sort of gain.
Yeah. And uh
Abdullahbas goes so much so that he says
whatever this planet and whatever is in
this planet is someone kala.
That's a good that's interesting. Yeah.
So he like you know don't argue this
planet or whatever is in this planet is
someone kila because of this ayah. Now
when Allah says you know it was going in
the stomachs which means that
there's some monetary gain but let's
just keep it that aside for now. My
point is very clear that
it is you know became because they did
this. Now we're doing the same things
because of whatever pressure that our
clergy is going through. I do not want
to comment on you know every some of
some of it is quite like legitim that's
that's why I can't comment on you know
everybody's no but it's by the end of
the day you became a clergy you that's
by choice you now cannot complain that's
true as well yeah you know it was not
like you know you know some angel came
and choke you in into that's true cuz
like what what it is is do you know in
these books of like um books of what
what it means like and they say
oh yeah Yeah, I've come across a lot of
classical sources and this is probably
under reportported like say a mush has
to have has to have tawa. Okay, everyone
knows but what they actually really have
to have a lot of them say this is and
have bravery courage because if you
don't have that's the prerequisite for I
mean Aristotle went as far as to say
that that bravery is the most important
virtue of all of them because without it
you can't do anything. So if you're
getting into the business of making and
you want to be an Islamic scholar and
stuff like that, you're going to have to
be ready to to to say things that going
to put you in prison or even worse get
you killed. Yeah, that's it. That's the
the first thing you know. Do you know
what though? I I really think that
because we're not living in an age where
there's a great war or because there's
no some great depression or something
that's happening. People are not like
bravery is something you have to train.
People don't realize this. You think
you're you cannot there's no way you can
have bravery theoretically. You have to
train it and you have to put yourself in
very I have the exact opposite. I have
the exact opposite perspective. Allah
has given bravery as a a preset uh you
know attribute in every child. We train
people out of courage isn't it? Yeah.
And that's the herd psychology. And the
fact that we can see signs in every
household, every child, everywhere,
regardless of whatever SEC or whatever
religious, ethnicity, no matter where
you go and whatever time, you can see
kids taking the risk. That's true. And
we train them out of it. That's
interesting. Yeah. And that's what
otherwise you know what if it were to be
trained into then the Quran would have
been for everybody. It would only for
the brave. M but Quran is fra it is
inside the fra it is ingrained inside
the what's happening is that society
corrupts that not just because we're not
training it or because yeah yeah in
other words yeah but see uh you you have
you know exceptions like say k or mudi
who did not come from a religious
background and went into religion most
of the clergy eats from the religious
background it's generations and
generations over you know a household
full of religion acumen human knowledge,
training and everything. So when courage
is missing in that segment, that's an
abnormality.
You know what I'm saying? That means
it's done by design and it's done, you
know, with certain consistency.
Otherwise, it would not have happened.
So I did the profile check on a lot of
Muslim scholars in Pakistan as a
psychologist. I studied them without
even publishing. No one ever has seen me
talk about this is the first time I'm
talking about this and I edge. Yeah,
there you go. Yeah, this should be the
highlights of this video.
So, cuz I did not have access to uh you
know names in Egypt or Yemen or you know
Arab or whatever. I mean I know I I I'm
a big fan of uh Salman Auda big fan
Abdulazifi big fan but their backgrounds
they're exceptions to the rule in
Pakistan even you know Muhammad man is
um you know Islam QA if you read some of
the stuff about he's under house arrest
now but his his uh son was killed by
someone and then he forgave him and
stuff he's had some as well he's very
powerful yeah that's impressive yeah
yeah he forgave the guy who killed his
son, he said this, I'm doing it for the
sake of Allah. These mak these issues
and stuff, they really cement your for
me that's you can't just have you have
to have like that. You have to have that
as well. True. That's pretty big. Yeah.
So, uh you see the psychological lift
you will find out that you know what
these guys are consistent with their
backgrounds. Yeah. So, we need Muslims.
That's why hence that's where you come
in. People who listening to you are not
just from the religious clergy. Their
lineage is free of religion. Actually,
you know what? They're movers and
drifters here and there and they stick
to logic, they stick to appeal, they
stick to charisma, they stick to
whatever. And people with charisma, with
logic, which is why they're watching
Muhammad
and giving them more than what they
need. So strike modesty off resume.
There you go. So these are the people
who going to naturally gain careers in
power.
iron as ironic and as sad as this is
this truth is but the next five six
generations because of the pattern of
the religious households are not going
to come into power and the fact that
they do not define it as part of Islam
that's the reason that's the base of the
reason and you can see the symptoms all
over the place but the cause is the
definition right so people who have
already have aspirations to power and
careers and money and finances and
network and you know all of that
lobbying
recipe. They are already in your bank.
Mhm. They just needed the virtuous side
of it. They wanted to be the hero of the
movie. Now you actually calling them,
you know, you're giving them the energy
of the Quran. Now, if Muslims had the
energy of the Quran to go into physics
and mathematics, they would have they
would have done the golden because Quran
was pushing them. There was a virtuous
thing to do. Nobility was physics.
Nobility was mathematics. Nobility was
biology. Yeah. Now nobility, you cannot
be noble and a money machine at the same
time. You self, you know, there's a
kataris going on in every millionaire
Muslim lands thinking that you know
what, he's got to he's got to compensate
for his money
to do a lot more Islamic things as if
he's committed a crime. He's got to
compensate for it. Abu Hura started as
Sufa and he became a millionaire.
Abdul Ramov had to lend had to borrow
sorry the acts that he went after the
you know the hijra he became a
billionaire not just a millionaire
people knew that you know progress is
part and parcel of taking over whatever
they can in whatever time that they're
born into and every single sabi was a
man of the army so courage had already
been a part of their life and you know a
pract practiced virtue in day in day
here. We have to go to the gyms, go to
MMA classes, and do whatever. And the
least courageous of all of our nations
are the heads of our armies. You know
what I'm saying? I mean, it's an
exception to the rule. I mean, it's an
ironic thing that to know that the
religious clergy is 70 plus and the army
generals are 70 plus in Muslim lands.
These were these were the two
professions in Islam or even in old age
in Macedonia. You choose these, you're
going to die young, buddy. So that was
for the honor and the courage. So
serotonin was aligned naturally,
normally and organically. Now if you
need to live long, you got to join the
army. You got to go to the clergy.
You're going to be 80 year old and you
know you're going to have a a stable
life or whatever. Yeah. And this is the
problem because if you're defining Islam
right, yeah, people are going to come in
Islam even if they want to take a risk,
but they know what what what the risk is
going to be. Yeah. right now, if you
want to live a stable life, you're going
to be a little bit of Islam and a lot of
the American dream.
You know what I'm saying? And we, you
and I both are trained into that. You
know, if I'm going towards the American
dream, that means, you know, I've left
Islam already. I've divorced a big part
of my my my value system. Even though
the American dream is just a
manifestation of the power in this
planet for you and your family only but
power in this planet and that is a part
and parcel of being a moment as well
because of remember saying you know what
save me oh god save me
from who
the
moment and moment is not about just the
vegan faith you know moment that guy
who's, you know, living on welfare in
every country that he's ever going to
live in. He the best pest. I think a big
part of the thing, and you speak a lot
about this as well, we spoke about it
last time we done the podcast, is where
people now, if you want to put it this
way, like how they get their dopamine
and because you've got phones and you've
got addictions everywhere. People are
vaping, people are smoking, people are
watching this, and people are It's like
literally addictions are everywhere.
They're getting their dopamine from all
of these other sources and they're not
hustling. They're not going out. They're
not doing things that would make them
money or they're not going to do
educational stuff. They're not getting
their dopamine from reading books and
they're not getting their dopamine from
lifting weights. They're not getting
their dopamine from putting themselves
in a scary situation. They're getting
the dopamine from shows on TV, on movies
and porn, sorry to say pornography and
all this kind of thing and and that's
it. Smoking vapes the whole day is them
getting their dopamine from elsewhere.
What is the remedy for this? How would
you like first of all like as a
strategic way deal with someone who has
any of these addictions that we've
mentioned? No. Well, the problem that
it's not dopamine problem is serotonin.
Okay. If the serotonin is not aligned to
a bigger purpose, you're not going to
find dopamine
through the journey. So whatever purpose
that they've aligned themselves into,
most of people do not have a purpose.
That's hence the bums and the couch, you
know, dwelling for tens and tens of
years. And they think they're actually
lucky, you know, in some part of their
mind they're actually, you know,
grateful for the fact that they're they
don't have to work or they had the their
fathers had the money and whatever. Mhm.
So the fact that there is is need for
realignment of the serotonergic
behavior of how an organic man is
supposed to live versus a bum. That's
not a dopamine addiction. He's putting
him in the couch. There's lack of
serotonin that's putting him in the
couch. He's finding dopamine for he's
going to find dopamine in whatever
lifestyle he's going to live into. So
what's the solution here? What does he
do? Do we define first of all we define
the word honor differently. We define
the word virtue differently. We define
the word man differently. For example,
man is a word of honor, right? Being a
man is not a dopamineergic uh statement.
It's a serotonin statement. No one wants
to be a man and say, "Yeah, I'm getting
dopamine because I'm a man." No, you're
getting serotonin if you're a man.
You're being called, you know, you're
the man. You know what I'm saying? So if
you get some sort of uh um you know you
you define the the right attributes into
the word honor
a man or a woman naturally is going to
move towards it. But the problem is that
me defining is not going to be enough.
You defining is not going to be enough.
You need enough number of people you
know giving that you know uh implicit
consensus to the word honor. M and
that's why jama jam and jama so if
there's enough people you know Allah's
hand is in the hand of in the head of
jama not on individuals so if the right
definition is there and right number of
people start to come in every child is
going to get honor be of being in that
group and that's where the definitions
come from so some scholar some
philosopher some thinker is going to
define it and and b category which is a
bridge between mass and this thinker
that B category is going to inculcate it
and you know spread it and propagate it
and that's when the mass is going to
change its lifestyle and become you know
do gooders and you know do writers
actually and not just gooders they do
the right thing and that's when the
change is going to happen that's why
clergy that's why you that's why I'm you
know so critical against you know
clerics in America right now Muslim
clerics I'm I think they part of the
problem not part of the solution
They are such a big part of the problem
because you don't want to mention any
names are I'm not you want me to I but
I'm not
Yeah I can arrange a podcast between you
and Daniel my friend Daniel Haki who' be
very happy to Sure do that. Yeah. No, I
like him already. Yeah. No, I actually
like Daniel. Uh uh I don't want have to
agree to whatever he says, but I
absolutely love the guy. He's he's he's
he's got a sharp blade and he he he's
he's got a very clean follow through.
He's not just, you know, um speaking on
the fly. He's actually, you know, trying
to do and uh if he ever gets to listen
to this or when you talk to him, pay my
regards. I think we need more Daniels in
every part of the world, especially in
the because he's see we liberal clans
have their Daniels.
There's a challenge. There's a critique
going on. There's, you know, journalism
which is calling out the bluffs of
governments and all of that. Religious
factions do not have the people who who
are going to, you know, call you out who
are going to, you know, try and check up
on you. And uh that's what's killing the
Muslims right now. We just, you know, if
a bearded guy says something, if he's
got a, you know, long enough of a name,
I will think that it's coming directly
from the prophetam. It's not. I'm sorry.
You know what I'm saying? Now, let me
give you a little uh insight as to where
I'm coming from. See, as a psychologist,
the biggest the biggest miracle as a
psychologist I've come across is the
life of the prophetam.
You I'll give you a little math here.
Okay? More than 6,600 ayats came in less
than 10 years. Okay? Because uh the
first three years only one surah come in
three years it took for to come in right
so it's not 23 years it's 20 years it's
less than 20 years actually so that's
about 600 years for 6,000 ayas okay
close to 700 years for 7,000 ayat you
need to understand the life of a man
who's a husband who's a father who's a
who's a who's a leader who's a
politician who's a warrior who is a and
who is walking around the street looking
at kids loving them as well but making
those decision and at the same time
wahis come in just about every one day
every ayah on average
you see the balance of how this
personality has to show and transit
through profiles per second he has to
transit through a profile per second
because he knows that you know what
everything I'm going to do is going to
be written about and being followed as a
guarantee to ja
a literal guarantee to Jenna. And anyone
does anything other than what I'm going
to do is a guarantee to hell. Imagine
the weight on you and me talking and the
way I'm sitting, the way I'm talking,
the way I'm looking at you is being
recorded and is being part of a religion
of billions of people. And anything else
in addition to this is a bida. Anything
less than that is not a hassa.
The exact copy has you know it's like a
microscope and a telescope a million
microscope and million telescopes at on
you all the time during this time you
have to be a husband you have to be a
brother you have to be a father you have
to be a friend you have and you're a
public speaker you have a buu and as low
of an intellect as a padu who does not
know from left to right and at the same
time abald masoud listening to the same
sermon at the same time. Imagine what
you have to balance. Yeah, that's
interesting. And imagine that you have
going to pick on any and everything and
they're going to twist it and they're
going to use that part of your speech as
a you know certain prerogative
uh to dismantle whatever your movement
is. Yeah.
So you I can't even do the math and
every single day I start putting new you
know equations in as to how a man would
be balancing all of this in less than 20
years you have to start and finish the
biggest project in the history of the
universe and you know the enormity of
the project at the same time. Yeah
that's imagine when you put it that way.
Yeah. You know yeah because he knew the
enormity of the project. Subhan Allah.
And not just that he knew the literal
enormity. Not it's not a figure of
speech. He was taken to the maraj he was
shown the enormity of the project.
Okay. Uh one of my was said you know he
was like one time he told me I was a
kid. He said you know what imagine the
sensitivity of being in the shoes of our
prophetam is like what do you mean? And
he said you know what one time the
prophetam was sitting in Masawi and he
stretched both of his legs like this and
Jeramin whispered it oh prophetam Allah
is watching you even in your private
most private of moments and the prophet
folded his leg back again imagine that
pressure now so what why I'm telling you
is that so that we can actually if we
can get a ca
presented did to the regular boy the
definition of Islam is going to change
automatically we will bisect the clergy
right where we can you can obviously I
can't you can and you can place the
prophetam inside the minds of the boys
and girls and they'll redefine honor
themselves see the fact that I can
actually prove and you'll back me up on
this is that Muslims are prophetam is
not dependent on the Muslims
to go inside the hearts of the next
generation. Allah is doing it himself if
it were up to us. We never talk about
him as much as we should you know but
still every Muslim child is in love with
our prophetam that means it's a miracle.
It's a miracle bigger than anything
else. So if this miracle is going to
keep on happening
is going to keep on happening by Allah's
accord that means we you and I can
become a channel to that miracle and
biseect this problem this cancer that
I'm talking about in the clergy and
redefine Islam through the prophet Islam
directly and people are going to gain
power people are going to gain
leadership people are going to gain
charisma people are going to gain the
sense of understanding how to talk to
the people a big crowd trying to
actually balance the you know the people
who are jealous of you and people who
love you and are so blind that they
shouldn't be so much in love that
they're blindly following you at the
same time these two extremes and going
through the the the problems that we're
actually going through right now. So if
you can get get maybe maybe we can do
maybe some kind of like a psychological
s that's exactly what I mean I wanted if
I had said that people would have
thought you know occupational hazard man
this guy I had to say but if since you
said it that's why I said you have a
done an intellectual C for sapiens. It's
more like um kind of philosophy of
things. Yeah. Yeah. Proving proving why
Islam is true. But this one this is an
interesting angle so much so that boys
will be trained into uh behaving like
him because in philosophy I mean as much
as I love philosophy which I you know
cuz that's deal with that as well. Yeah.
But it does not you know pan into you
know seeing behavior in the audience. Of
course psychology is going to see
results show you results right away.
thinking about like collecting all the
ayas in the Quran that describe the
human being in psychological terms and
I'm going to give it to you. I did that.
Yeah. Have you done that already? Yeah.
Because of the psych angle of psychology
but Allah is addressing insan as insan.
Exactly. You know what I'm saying? And
uh so beautiful because Allah has never
praised insan. Exactly. Never. Never.
There's not one in the Quran that
what do you call it?
He's anxious. He's panicked. He's he's
impatient. He's always fighting.
He's um he's you know greedy actually.
Yeah. Greedy. There's so many things
there that there's never a generalized
praise from a human being. You know when
I said that and I actually opened that a
lot of people started fashion
like that's the praise of Allah creating
not you're correct on this I actually
looked at and thought about this
whenever the human being is spoken about
like in his own terms it's always a
weakness but whenever he's spoken about
in any positive terms
or for example we have dignified human
being or we have um
It's the it's not Allah has given it. So
he's never giving that praise solely to
the human being not even once this even
this
means we have given you you didn't
deserve it we gave it and after this end
you know
that means don't you're not the center
of the universe buddy no it's true this
is a very interesting uh observ but just
things like this is like I know that you
know people are watching this and
thinking well that's a very pessimistic
religion maybe it's it's a religion that
sees the human being as a very no it's
we are dignified only through Allah is
is the message we are given we're given
power and all the good things only
through Allah the in fact
is very beautiful
the human being is that when he's given
good things he's he's like yes I'm
boastfully saying Allah has given me
such and such
And then when his his provision is
constrained, he says Allah has
humiliated me and so on. Yeah. So the
point is is a human being has these
proclivities and what Allah is trying to
tell us is be aware of this. You know
there's a famous hadith where the
prophetam says about women that
and also mentioned that they that they
are very ungrateful in marriages and
stuff. And for some reason some people
think this is a very controversial
thing. The whole human being is
considered to be ungrateful not just
women. The men and women are in the
Quran is considered to be ungrateful.
Yeah. You know and that's why Allah
gives us then you know all these um
incentives.
If you're thankful then I give you more
and if you're not then my punishment is
very severe. So when you when you look
at your this these are the negative
things. It's like Allah has created a
machine. He's telling you what all the
negative points of that machine is.
Beware of this, beware of that, beware
of this, beware of that. You have to fix
this machine in these ways. And that's
what we have to do. And wah I think it's
a very beautiful task. I would like to
see your notes on this as well. Like if
someone were to go through the whole
Quran and just do a psychological orab
let's not even call it a psychological
of the ayat of the Quran and then also
doing the same thing with the will be a
new novel and original thing that I
don't think anyone has really done a
great job in yeah it's even if uh either
one of us is not doing it everyone's
listening to this it's it's a I telling
you I'm telling you this that's the
basic job you someone's got to take up
this project. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with
that. And it's not a I mean it's not an
option anymore cuz uh uh we're talking
about definitions and that's philosophy.
Okay, we're talking about aligning the
the the reality of what Islam needs.
That's philosophy. But what you got to
do as a girl or a boy, that's
psychology, okay? And unless
there is a a manual, uh everyone's not
going to be able to come into the zone
or or be able to do it. So some thinker
some writer especially IMS I'm telling
you this right now this is the foremost
project IMS IMS is our Islamic messaging
system the project that we're doing all
in tell people about this IMS is Islamic
messaging system.com it's a free project
Muslims are coming in all over the world
and they're discussing um the four
categories of allahel when allahel the
category that allahel actually split the
whole era of human beings into you know
the way he you know delivered the
message and And the final era is our
prophetam which he combines all four you
know
all four are in our prophetam before
that uh till Ibrahimam there was uh no
yuzakim there was just but Ibrahimam
started the yuzakim era and combined
obviously the mayat and then uh the
yalimulkab started with musal am when
Mus Alam was given the kab the first
time you know the ruling came in and the
whole Sharia was established and is alam
is the first man who stood up and says
Allah gave me hikma you know what I'm
saying and prophetam Allah tal in the
Quran says in surah jum he's talking
about that this is a prophet that I'm
giving you from you oh means of all four
all four of in one all of this humanity
that we've actually come up to this all
in one is given to you right now So
is the law. The Quran is
all of the signs of the of Allah. And
ironically since you speak Arabi tell
the Pakistanis and Indians alat does not
mean reciting the ayats of the Quran. It
means to follow the signs of Allahel and
find out and decode the Quran. And
that's what prophet prophet Adam
wasam most of all and you know who was
als
their their nations to decode the signs
of the universe the spoken word of
allahel the written word came in through
Musa Alisam obviously through different
prophets at the time as well but alim
ayat means ayah means the the the code
or the sign or the uh you know the
cipher then you have to decipher it and
present it to human beings which we are
using physics or mathematics now you
know or science
technology says
and see Allah says horizon
correct me when Allah says to the
prophet the people of newam can't you
see up in the heavens
Now did they have a telescope? How did
they see? Allah is not using a metaphor
here. Allah is actually literally saying
can't you see in the heavens okay
means you see with your eyes. So those
signs were being decoded by right there.
The flood came on this planet. We can't
talking about the flood. We're talking
about when Allahel is telling them to
point up to the heavens and
says that the flood of nuisam came from
maj the galaxy. This is a sahad. This
hadith is quoted from a book which is
called the book of sah hadith collection
from the all six books. So yeah. So but
this another hadith is you know from uh
uh Abdullahb Abbas as well. He's talking
about Majara the galaxy and where the
the flood the look at the chains for
that one. Yeah. No, let's just assume
that they're weak. But 1400 years ago,
somebody was thinking on these lines.
It's still interesting. Even this week
I'll be interested. Yeah. Plus, it's not
a worst case scenario says, right? So
doesn't mean we can just reject it. No.
Yeah. Yeah. Still play around with it.
Yeah. So plus when on the hadith of
maraj which is the Hadith one of these
that we have. Yeah. Sure. Prophetam saw
water
two four reservoirs of water coming in
from the base of
two one is Nile one is um Euphrates
Euphrates one is the springs of Ghan in
Israel under the under the maja okay but
it flows through under but it's 300 350
uh feet southsoutheast uh where the city
of David is right now and the fourth one
is dried up and it was in Arabia. So the
water is coming down from somewhere.
Obviously there has to be some
connection. It's not a miracle going on.
It's a it's a process going on.
Obviously it's a miracle of allahel but
it's a process. So allahel is telling us
to go up in the heaven sea. Hence when I
say that NASA is doing half the job
already. They're not doing it right for
the right purpose anyway. But I want
them to find out the voices of Muslims
narrating those signs. Yeah. Because
even to be honest, I was watching um
Earth from David Atenburgh. Beautiful
show, man. I have to say, I'm not going
to lie, the way they go out and stuff
and they see this stuff. Unbelievable
show. And the stuff that they showing
the the animals and the the insects
really, it's it shows you the signs of
Allah everywhere. Yeah. But we need to
see we need to present those signs not
like a monk, but as a Yeah. because they
got atom the atheists doing it if you
literally yeah and they're doing a good
job doing it fantastic and Muslims are
like you know in awe and and this is and
I don't want Muslims saying yeah you
know we told you so it's you told you
you didn't tell them so they're telling
us so
okay we should be at the yeah we should
have been yeah precedence has to come
from us and it was400 years ago you know
so and there's so much I because I'm
known for this sort of thing So most of
the people would just have to go through
a lot of work which I'm trying to
actually tell Muslims to come into
mathematics. Yeah, professor Razi I'll
give you a book guy wrote amazing marvel
of a book only the mathematics of the
Quran. And he showed how Allahel is
actually you know coding the Quran in
and a lot of that stuff you got to be
careful with like the 19 and all that
stuff. Oh, he's talking about the the
the the you know the visible mathematics
right there you know which humans being
discovered now. Mhm. Like you know what
for example the Gazian prime is
discovered now. Okay. I have to look at
that. Interesting. And but the Quran is
set on the Gazian prime. You know what
I'm saying? So it's not like you know
some magic or anything. It's like why
can why didn't we see it? Once I read
that book that's when I found out when
Allah is giving the challenge in the
Quran. If you can produce one eye like
this, you know, unless you're a
mathematician, you won't even know how
to actually get the whole formula in.
You know what I'm saying? So, it's not
that I want just mathematics. I'm
talking about biology. I'm talking about
astronomy. I'm talking about everything.
Yeah, we should be pioneering. Yeah, we
we better be pioneering even if you're
wrong, but your purpose has to be there
cuz you know, you're going to make
mistakes. And Quran is the only stance.
So, if it's not backing you up, you
might might as well be, you know, you're
probably wrong or right. It's a 50/50.
Throw up the dice. But if the Quran is
literally saying something. So for
example, surah in Napala says in the day
of judgment you'll see that the the the
the heavens are going to become they're
going to be doors. You can see uh
heaven. The word is ababa literally
means doors, right? There's there's a
literal meaning. You cannot just you
know come up with brackets and
translations and you know do whatever.
So if some
uh physicist which there is one working
right now in California right now he's
talking about doors opening really yeah
let me give you an example the
gravitational lens is such a common
phenomena in physics common means
everyone knows about it's not happening
every time everyone knows this
gravitational lens is when this mic and
this mic will I mean people standing on
this mic will see this mic
But if there is a tiny little black hole
the size of this phone coming in between
these two planets, even if they're
100,000 miles across, tiny little black
hole like this, which is not visible,
obviously it's just wake up a cell
phone. But all of a sudden, you know
what this what's going to happen to this
mic for these people? This mic is going
to split in two. Oh wow. That's more of
a quantum thing, isn't it? It is, but
it's not quantum because it's black.
It's a black hole. It's it's as big as
it gets. It's not quantum. And you know
now you put this as earth. Yeah. This as
a moon and you put a tiny little black
hole in and the moon is going to split
in two pieces. Oh, I see. You know what
I'm saying now? And since some black
hole might have just come in that means
that's the start of a lot of things
coming in. That's why Allah could have
said and I'm just saying this couldn't
be one of the options that Allah says
now shak has happened. Now the day of
judgment is upon you. is is as near as
anything now because this process has
started not the shakle comer but these
sort of things popping up in your system
now in your solar system now because the
biggest miracle of the shakle comer is
not moon splitting in two way bigger a
miracle is the two halves coming back
that's against every law of physics
you know what I'm saying it's not two
pieces of metal or two pieces of magnet
coming together even if it were a real
magnet they went too farm to be you know
attracted back. So this is not a magnet
by the way. This is just a satellite
rock. A rock splitting and a split of a
rock can happen for many reasons in
physics. But a rock in space with no
friction of no force pulling them back.
These two pieces cannot come back.
That's against physics. Now that's a way
bigger miracle than the split of the
moon. You know what I'm saying? But
Muslims don't even are not even trained
to think on these lines. You know what
the Muslims going to be like? When Allah
says that, Allah did it. Well, Allah
told us that. Allah didn't do it for his
own self. Allah did this for us so that
we can think.
And
still, you're not going to think. You're
not going to use your brains. What's
going on? And I'm telling you this right
now. Some Peter or Frank is going to do
the math on this and all of us will be
like, "Oh, we told you so." No, we're
not telling him so. Okay. We we Allah
told us so so that we can tell everybody
else so they can know that this is a
superior knowledge. Superior knowledge
means dominance hierarchy means
serotonin. People are going to mimic the
Muslims only if we lead in these realms.
We are still mimicking
the the west because of their physics
and the mathematics.
We we cannot help it. It's my body.
Yeah. But even if China if even if China
overtakes the west I feel like these
guys are addicted to Yeah. Yeah, the
gor. Hence the propaganda. See, that's
why I'm saying marketing is branding is
so important. True. That's why I said
you're going to be ask two questions.
I'll be asked one. Yeah. You know what
I'm saying? Because you got the
knowledge and the brand. Alhamdulillah.
Alhamdulillah. You need to be very you
tread very carefully because dominance
hierarchy you you you I mean I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, man. That's how it is. That's
right. I mean, you know, and and there
are no coincidence in Islam. No, you're
right. You know what I'm saying? So God
chose you. You got to deliver now
because and he chose you too in your
messy as well. What I'm saying is you
you're going to be asked more questions
than I am. You know, we both know that
about that.
Maybe I'm virtual signaling my own
weakness. You know what I'm saying? So
what I'm saying is see if this is not uh
if we don't do this right now, people
are not going to jump into you know
dominating the world. Yeah. And I teach
this. I train CEOs and I am the most
expensive speaker in Pakistan. I bar
none. Look it up. You'll find out. I
only train CEOs. If our kids are in
physics and mathematics, they'll
naturally be dominating. Yeah. Cuz their
physicists are dominating. Their
Shakespearees are not dominating us.
Yeah. Oh, you are? Cuz you're English
obviously. Sorry. I apologize. No, I
think Shakespeare is underrated. He's
he's fantastic. There you go. See,
domination. I tell you, he's got like 30
or 40 words in his the dictionary
because of him.
And that's what your criteria is so that
he can dominate. Oh, he's a literary
genius. Okay. So, I'm not denying that
he's a he's great at what he did. What
I'm saying is that dude on the
wheelchair, what was his name? Dawkins.
He couldn't even get a single word in
the dictionary.
No, I reckon Shakespeare is what blows
him out of the water, man. Really? Yeah.
Uh, this dude is going to affect
billions. Dawkins, I'm talking about
Hawkins. Hawkins. Oh, I'm sorry.
Hawkins. Hawkins. Yeah, Hawkins. I'm I
apologize. You know, so ironic. Hawkins
maybe as well to be fair, but I don't
know if he's that. No, no, no, no, no.
Comparison. No. Are you kidding me? No,
no, no. See, Dawkins could have been,
I'm telling you, if he were in physics,
but he was in biology, zoology even.
Yeah, even lower. You know what I'm
saying? So what I'm saying is these
fields are are there's a reason why
certain fields dominate certain certain
fields don't. So literature I you know I
come from a family of literature okay
actually a lineage of writers my father
has seven books to these names if you
understand so I naturally would be
biased towards saying you Shakespeare
should be given some more points but no
I'm sorry that's not how the brain works
that's not that's against the design of
the human being so what I need you to
understand is that physics is there is a
reason why physics is higher in the
hierarchy of dominance than biology
ology and there's a reason why
chemistry is wherever it is and
mathematics is the highest at the
highest pedestal and that's why we get
intimidated by mathematicians because
there's a a ma a factor of awe in there
no they're geniuses we call them
geniuses for a reason you know what I'm
saying so just like that muslam was
given the miracle of certain type the
same miracle was not given to asim he
came into the the people of medicine
with the Romans. They were claiming to
be in biology and everything and curing
everything. But E7 was not given the you
know the the the shaft where you know he
can just mesmerize everybody. No, that
went to the kahans of uh Egypt and
that's what they were excelling in. They
were dominating through their you know
and they were doing a really good job.
They did predict
very rightly that their boy is going to
kill you. Some boy is going to kill you.
And then some boy did kill him. You know
what I'm saying? So and new Alam was not
given the miracle of Mus Alisam. Yeah.
Yeah. Sure. So Ibrahim Alam was not
given any just these things specific was
also were very pertinent to the time
that they were any prophet would come
in. So we came in the time of physics
and mathematics. Yeah. Science and
technology. That's why our kids need to
beat their sahas into their game which
is physics and mathematics right now.
Tomorrow it could be something else.
Some some is going to stumble upon some
element and some new source of energy
and a lot of Newtonian. I think I think
like people in the subcontinent have an
advantage with mass you know like I
really Yeah. I mean in the UK amazing
that you know No, no. In the in the UK
like we're good with science and
English. There's three core subjects.
There's science, English, and math. The
science here is not bad. Like they've
got if you know year 10 or year 15 year
olds, 16 year olds, they do triple
science. They like they'll do three
GCSEs in science. They'll do biology.
They'll do physics. They'll do whatever.
In English, they'll go through a lot of
books. They go through a lot of um an
literature. Yeah. It's literature. It's
not grammar heavy at all now. It used to
be maybe about 100 years ago. But
mathematics pound for pound we're maybe
30 in number 30 in the world or
something in the UK. If like India is
probably much stronger nation. Pakistan
might be a very strong nation as well.
China is probably the strongest nation
in mathematics. Have you seen those
competitions? The mathematics
competitions. No, no. I keep talking
about this in my work uh my videos so
much that since you're saying it I'm
just enjoying the fact that you know
what see now this is this is how the
brand takes its grip and health and you
know impression all over the world every
Chinese is not a mathematician but some
Chinese made it now everyone in England
in Pakistan we also believe that Chinese
like you know born mathematician they're
not there's an exception that is being
marketed so well they they get taught it
yeah yeah of course the abacus doesn't
they even get taught the IQs and that's
why they do very well in IQ tests they
get taught when they're younger. True.
True. So if we can do the same modeling
to our, you know, parenting.
So our impression with the aim of
creating the next Muslim ula, next
mathematician dominate to dominate.
Yeah. See, domination is not a luxury.
It's a necessity. That's what the Quran
is saying as well.
We need to dominate in fields of our own
pharaohs. Mhm. And every field is going
to come in with a different type of a
problem if his own time. We came into
the time of physics and mathematics. Our
kids need to be trained into you know
dominating the them in their own game.
So that's
the way China is known is producing
mathematicians. Muslims are not known
from literature or mathematics or
physic. And they were by the way
literature. I mean we had our time. We
had our time. Yeah. Mathematics we also
had our time. You know that's what I'm
Yeah. Yeah. saying we but now we don't
we so that's the only one tribe that
dominated ma us mathematics biology
physics also as well milit politics and
uh Benjamin Franklin was paying jizia to
the the Turks Benjamin Franklin it's not
so far away you know what I'm saying
it's not a thousand year old Benjamin
Franklin so we were dominating we had
our own u you know uh say in things and
people had to
Now when I say we I mean a model it has
to be a parenting model and has to flow
through you know nations right now
nationalities so the people would know
that we're doing it for the same aim
we're doing it for uh you know the
purpose the single purpose that you know
uh the Quran is saying this if the Quran
is saying this you got to do it and you
got to do it right and we can learn from
the Chinese we can learn from you know
the English or the Americans or the
Europeans or whatever whoever We've
learned a lot from them already. Yeah.
Yeah. We've learned all the wrong things
already.
Yeah. So, so since Shakespeare is
affecting a Muslim right here. You know
what I'm saying? It's brilliant. I've
read McGreth McGreth or I've read all of
Shakespeare because of my you know the
fact that I was raised into a a family
which actually reads this. I've
practically thought you know those
people had something no credit taken
away from Shakespeare because he was
that was the time he was actually
calling the shots and whatever but if
the
royalty was not backing Shakespeare up
he would not have made it the way he did
he would have just another patron
he was backed up by every power at that
time you know what I'm saying that's
what I want our Muslims to to to go
through so if the power is not in our
hands even if he had all the talent it's
not going to amount to anything that's
what I mean when I say this the model so
the the politicians have to go in with
the same purpose the mathematicians have
to go with the same purpose and you know
the the writers have to go with the same
purpose everyone's going to be branded
really well and
that's the first step of uh dominating
the game if we're not going to do it I
swear to you someone else is going to do
it anyway it's human design. It's not an
Islamic uh value only. It's all human
design. Allahel is telling us to do it
for the right reason. Yeah. The all the
prophets dominated. That's why they they
ruled the you know the the the thousands
of years of literature. No matter if
you're atheist or not, you cannot deny
the fact that you know what there was
religion before there were atheism you
know. So domination was done by design.
has to be done by design and it has to
be done for the the right purpose and if
you're if you're not going to do it then
you'll have to live with and that's why
the prophet said that the prophetam said
that
the upper hand is better than
I mean imagine how simply Allah's
prophet wasallam is saying you know if
cuz
you know the upper hand literally means
in this hadith the money giver okay you
need to understand how how how we need
to gain the uh the the the resources but
it's so ironic that all the Muslim
countries all of them no exception all
the people who are dominating those
Muslim countries are not dominating for
the reason of Quran or Islam they're
literally dominating for their own
families legacies dynasties or political
gain or financial gain corruption
whatever reason that they have they've
literally called the shots on all the
Muslims lives and in here and in the
hereafter as well. And you think we're
just going to get away with the fact
that you know what I I meant good. I I I
wanted to be a good person. That's not
going to cut it in the day of judgment.
It's a very simple thing. What what was
the system that you were part of? Were
you a part of the dominated system or
the dominating system? It is that
simple. So madinuka is the first
question. You know what what did you
contribute in? It is that simple. It is
not about oh whether you prayed or not,
whether you had you fasted or not.
That's a question way later in first
question is
that's it. Were you a player of the game
or not? You cannot be a spectator and
answer this question. It is that simple.
And most of the Muslims are just
spectators because they think, you know,
that's the kind of cards they were
dealt. I'm sorry. You're dealt the
Quran. You're not dealt a low hand.
Okay? You cannot lowball yourself out of
this this and uh and argue yourself out
of uh you know your your incompetence.
I'm sorry. You got to work towards it.
It is that simple. That's why I called
hijab in and he said yes to already to
uh to be a part of our source code
faculty as well. Inshallah. And we need
to get that cuz the fact that you the
way you carry yourself is in innate or
genetic or maybe an acquired skill that
you have which you actually need to
dominate.
This is something that pisses off a lot
of people. And that's the best thing
about domination
cuz unless you, you know, if you're not
uh
riing up the evil,
you're not making evil mad at you, then
you are evil. It is that simple. Cuz
you're a pawn of his game then. Mhm. So
if you're the only real challenge that I
see all over the place, a lot of people
I know a lot of people are gaining uh
strength of mimicking the way you're
actually doing it. And the one thing
that is common between all of your
videos is that you're trying to to to
you know come across as a strong person
that you cannot bully me. You want to do
whatever don't bully me. Okay. So that's
something which I I need through coming
through not just you know your presence
but your knowledge which is going to
create that presence structure your
presence your sense of argumentation the
homework through which you're going to
argue and most of all the purpose why
you're arguing in the first place. So
that's why I uh I need this transcending
down to at least three or four
generations so that some genius is going
to come up with an improvement plan
somewhere and but we get we got to set
the pace right inshallah. No, you've
you've really um hit the nail on the
head with all this stuff and uh it's
been a pleasure having you and this is
one one one caveat though. You know
what? Uh people are going to be thinking
that you since I talked about other
clerics, I'm I'm in love with every
Muslim and everyone's trying anyone
should be aware that we're very very
respectful of all of the scholars all
that's why we didn't name any but we all
know that everyone knows that
you're going to spoil it.
I don't want to see it.
So I have to call a spade a spade here.
Allah saying call a spade a spade. There
are a lot more problems coming through
Muslim clergy in his Muslim mindset than
Netanyahu than and and Barack Obama's or
or Donald Trump's. They're not confusing
Muslims. Muslim Muslims are confusing
Muslims. That's what Allah is saying in
the
Kfu are not you know addressed here. Uh
Donald Trump is not addressing this
ayahu.
They're not doing it. They don't even
claim uh stand for the huck anyway.
Nothing. Jawi is not addressed here.
This is the Muslim clergy is being
addressed here. Why would a non-Muslim
start to conceal huck and bottle
together? The bottle all over the place.
The left bottle, there's right there the
bottle from the right, left, bottom,
center, up and down. This is the Muslim
that is representing himself as Huck and
Kman is being done right now right in
front of our eyes. Okay. So I'm talking
to my Pakistanis and Indian Muslims as
of course most of you guys uh who are
going to listen to are going to be we
are already used to it. No I'm banned in
India brother. Yeah VPN yeah if you're
using VPN in India you know what I'm
talking about. Yeah Muslim clergy is the
only solution. I'm not saying they're
the pro they're the only solution. You
need to become clergy now. People of
high profile, stronger backgrounds in
superior psychology needs to jump into
becoming Muslim clergy in the future.
That is the only real profession to make
a career which is going to pay in the
day of judgment inshallah. That's true.
I mean what else otherwise
uh you know uh there's no there's no way
for me to actually have any kind of hope
because I'm not going to hope from you
know my army mates or my politicians or
my bureaucrats or my technocrats. I'm
sorry. They themselves say that we do
not want Islam. They don't even hide it
anymore. So people who are going to
listen to hijab are obviously going to
be you know coming from the green zone
of wherever I want have hope. Green zone
means you know you're more fertile. I
can sew the right seeds in your minds.
So try and cast the clarity into
definitions now and those films have to
be very clear that which film do you
belong to? And I need you to become rich
for God's sakes. I need you to become
politically powerful for God's sakes.
for God's sakes. So that they can you
can charge them £100,000 for
[Music]
consultation. Way more and they're going
to they're going to have a lot more to
give me more. See, this is a win-win
anyway. I was about to say that it's a
win-win. So that's my rate for the hour
in terms of your institute. That's
No, what I'm saying is listen. Oh, yeah.
After that, get good hourly rate.
way more than that, man. Why are you
selling yourself so low? Oh, fantastic.
Come on. See, this is the English. This
is a Shakespearean effect. Okay. What
I'm saying is, no, seriously, I I I
think whoever see if you're not going to
do it, someone else will. And Allahel
says in surah Muhammad, for God's sakes,
for God's sakes, imagine the irony of
the of that we are the followers of
Muhammad. And Allah says in Surah
Muhammad sallallahu alaihi wasallam said
if you're not going to do it I'm going
to replace you with someone who's going
to be better than you.
I mean imagine how painful it will be
that people who we we believe ourselves
as you know people of the Quran and
people who are going to be replaced are
us. Mhm. I mean imagine I'm talking just
to the religious mind. Think of the pain
that Allah is replacing us because we
did not qualify
and we are so judgmental that we think
that all of those left flanks and those
liberals and those you know whatever we
call whatever we are better than them.
I'm sorry. Allah says no no there no
there's no nepotism in Islam. You were
given this job just like I gave it to
the people of
Mus Alisam and the people of Isaiam. If
you're not going to do this hakam and
that is upon you and you know make sure
that you live up to it then Allah is
going to replace you. It is that simple.
And uh even if you don't think take
these words so seriously, I swear to God
there is the day that Allah has designed
which is the most serious day. There's
not going to be a single laughter that
day. And my words will echo in your in
your ears at that day that I warned you.
So I I'm telling you this that the only
real
uh embarrassment is the embarrassment of
that day. Okay? You can get away and
hide away and turn off this video as
soon as you can push a button and go
into your bubble where you're the hero
of your own movie. Do that. But if you
believe that that day is upon going to
come to us, that day of judgment, then
you got to do you got to anti up the
game and really ante up, okay? Because
this is high stakes. We're talking about
highest possible stakes. We're talking
about the day of judgment. And you got
to show a really good hand that day that
you know what this is my resume and u
you you cannot just virtue signal
yourself away with uh you know uh uh on
on that day. It's very very powerful
very so I hope everyone you know that
was amazing that was that last comment
that you made there about the day of
judgment. I think that puts things right
in perspective and if people want to
come and see uh or see more of your
videos where would they go? Have you got
your channel online? Yeah, it's called
Sadim podcast. Now, we have officially
put a lot of most of our work there. I'm
actually doing a homeschooling tour
right now in England right now. Uh and
there's going to be public programs for
Muslim superior psychology. That's this
is what uh we're actually trying to do
here. Public sessions. Obviously, all of
my sessions are free no matter if it's
homeschooling or whatever. So, public
didn't expect that.
You know what the you know the best part
is? Uh this part of your video is going
to go super wild. Okay. So you're going
to make a lot of money out of this
cuz that's been it's been it's been you
know it's been such a big problem with
the virtue signalers that why is silent
making money? I make money. Yeah. He
wants to make money. Let him make money.
No, I I I've never charged anyone for
any Islamic session ever. Ever. I've
never charged a penny for my public
sessions. All of my uh movements are
free. IMS my biggest movement is free.
And now my IT team is telling me to put
some sort of a you know uh stress on
people to take it seriously otherwise
you know it's free. Yeah. We just don't
because it's also serotonin. It does not
have that kind of dopamine and
serotonin. It's not going to people are
not going to take it seriously. Yeah. So
but we uh if you need to be taken
serious uh you need to That's true
actually. you need to uh put some degree
of pain or effort in there and u again
um if you're not going to do it I swear
to you Nathan Jaw is already doing it
he's doing a good job doing whatever he
wants he believes in so if you're not
going to do it stop complaining then
okay your tears are not worth anything
if you're not following it up with
enough of your leg work with that we
conclude
and thank you so much for coming
for having
Hey you, are you wasting your time on
social media again? Your brothers and
sisters in Islam net from Norway are
establishing a masid, a da center.
Establishing a masid to convey the
message of Islam is one of the best
deeds a Muslim can do. There's a huge
need for it in Norway. You know this and
I know this. So that makes the reward
even greater. So give generously and
Allahawel will give you even more.